familiar well known or easily recognized; "a familiar figure"; "familiar songs"; "familiar guests".
acquainted having fair knowledge of; "they were acquainted"; "fully acquainted with the facts".
old (used for emphasis) very familiar; "good old boy"; "same old story".
unusual strange being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a bit weird; "a strange exaltation that was indefinable"; "a strange fantastical mind"; "what a strange sense of humor she has".
grotesque fantastical fantastic antic ludicrously odd; "Hamlet's assumed antic disposition"; "fantastic Halloween costumes"; "a grotesque reflection in the mirror".
exotic strikingly strange or unusual; "an exotic hair style"; "protons, neutrons, electrons and all their exotic variants"; "the exotic landscape of a dead planet".
quaint strange in an interesting or pleasing way; "quaint dialect words"; "quaint streets of New Orleans, that most foreign of American cities".
weird strikingly odd or unusual; "some trick of the moonlight; some weird effect of shadow"- Bram Stoker.
familiar within normal everyday experience; common and ordinary; not strange; "familiar ordinary objects found in every home"; "a familiar everyday scene"; "a familiar excuse"; "a day like any other filled with familiar duties and experiences".
usual common commonly encountered; "a common (or familiar) complaint"; "the usual greeting".
everyday commonplace and ordinary; "the familiar everyday world".
cool fashionable and attractive at the time; often skilled or socially adept; "he's a cool dude"; "that's cool"; "Mary's dress is really cool"; "it's not cool to arrive at a party too early".
spruce spiffy snappy rakish raffish natty jaunty dashing dapper marked by up-to-dateness in dress and manners; "a dapper young man"; "a jaunty red hat".
faddy faddish intensely fashionable for a short time.
swagger groovy (British informal) very chic; "groovy clothes".
with-it up-to-date cutting-edge in accord with the most fashionable ideas or style; "wears only the latest style"; "the last thing in swimwear"; "cutting-edge technology"; "a with-it boutique".
quaint olde_worlde old-time attractively old-fashioned (but not necessarily authentic); "houses with quaint thatched roofs"; "a vaulted roof supporting old-time chimney pots".
swanky swank imposingly fashionable and elegant; "a swank apartment".
voguish trendy in accord with the latest fad; "trendy ideas"; "trendy clothes"; "voguish terminology".
frumpy frumpish dowdy primly out of date; "nothing so frumpish as last year's gambling game".
stylish fashionable having elegance or taste or refinement in manners or dress; "a little less posh but every bit as stylish as Lord Peter Wimsey"; "the stylish resort of Gstadd".
voguish smart chic elegant and stylish; "chic elegance"; "a smart new dress"; "a suit of voguish cut".
chichi affectedly trendy and fashionable.
swish posh classy elegant and fashionable; "classy clothes"; "a classy dame"; "a posh restaurant"; "a swish pastry shop on the Rue du Bac"- Julia Child.
snazzy flashily stylish; "a snazzy outfit".
unstylish styleless lacking in style or elegance; "a styleless way of dressing"; "expensive but styleless country tweeds"; "wearing unstylish clothes".
alacritous quick and eager; "an alacritous response to the invitation".
red-hot hot blistering very fast; capable of quick response and great speed; "a hot sports car"; "a blistering pace"; "got off to a hot start"; "in hot pursuit"; "a red-hot line drive".
double-quick (of a marching cadence) very quick.
scurrying hurrying moving with great haste; "affection for this hurrying driving...little man"; "lashed the scurrying horses".
speedy rapid characterized by speed; moving with or capable of moving with high speed; "a rapid movement"; "a speedy car"; "a speedy errand boy".
smart quick and brisk; "I gave him a smart salute"; "we walked at a smart pace".
vivace (of tempo) very fast and lively.
largo very slow in tempo and broad in manner.
larghetto (of tempo) less slow and broad than largo.
larghissimo (of tempo) as slow and broad as possible.
fastidious giving careful attention to detail; hard to please; excessively concerned with cleanliness; "a fastidious and incisive intellect"; "fastidious about personal cleanliness".
meticulous marked by extreme care in treatment of details; "a meticulous craftsman"; "almost worryingly meticulous in his business formalities".
persnickety pernickety characterized by excessive precision and attention to trivial details; "a persnickety job"; "a persnickety school teacher".
old-womanish old-maidish primly fastidious.
fat having an (over)abundance of flesh; "he hadn't remembered how fat she was".
plump embonpoint chubby sufficiently fat so as to have a pleasing fullness of figure; "a chubby child"; "pleasingly plump";.
zoftig zaftig buxom (of a female body) healthily plump and vigorous ; "a generation ago...buxom actresses were popular"- Robt.A.Hamilton;.
fattish somewhat fat.
porcine gross repellently fat; "a bald porcine old man".
stout portly euphemisms for `fat'; "men are portly and women are stout".
wasted skeletal pinched haggard gaunt emaciated cadaverous bony very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold; "emaciated bony hands"; "a nightmare population of gaunt men and skeletal boys"; "eyes were haggard and cavernous"; "small pinched faces"; "kept life in his wasted frame only by grim concentration".
sunken-eyed hollow-eyed deep-eyed characteristic of the bony face of a cadaver.
lanky gangly gangling tall and thin.
rawboned having a lean and bony physique; "a rawboned cow hand".
reedy reedlike resembling a reed in being upright and slender.
scarecrowish resembling a scarecrow in being thin and ragged; "a forlorn scarecrowish figure".
weedy underweight skinny scrawny scraggy boney being very thin; "a child with skinny freckled legs"; "a long scrawny neck".
wizened wizen withered shrunken shrivelled shriveled lean and wrinkled by shrinkage as from age or illness; "the old woman's shriveled skin"; "he looked shriveled and ill"; "a shrunken old man"; "a lanky scarecrow of a man with withered face and lantern jaws"-W.F.Starkie; "he did well despite his withered arm"; "a wizened little man with frizzy grey hair".
svelte slim slight slender being of delicate or slender build; "she was slender as a willow shoot is slender"- Frank Norris; "a slim girl with straight blonde hair"; "watched her slight figure cross the street".
trim spare thin and fit; "the spare figure of a marathon runner"; "a body kept trim by exercise".
spindle-shanked spindle-legged having long slender legs.
wispy wisplike thin and weak; "a wispy little fellow with small hands and feet"- Edmund Wilson.
fatty fat containing or composed of fat; "fatty food"; "fat tissue".
curable curing or healing is possible; "curable diseases".
incurable incapable of being cured; "an incurable disease"; "an incurable addiction to smoking".
soundable plumbable fathomable (of depth) capable of being sounded or measured for depth.
following in the desired direction; "a following wind".
favourable favorable encouraging or approving or pleasing; "a favorable reply"; "he received a favorable rating"; "listened with a favorable ear"; "made a favorable impression".
plausive approving approbatory approbative affirmative expressing or manifesting praise or approval; "approbative criticism"; "an affirmative nod".
indulgent being favorably inclined; "an indulgent attitude".
invidious discriminatory containing or implying a slight or showing prejudice; "discriminatory attitudes and practices"; "invidious comparisons".
velvety-plumaged plumage resembling velvet.
felicitous exhibiting an agreeably appropriate manner or style; "a felicitous speaker".
gratulatory congratulatory expressive of sympathetic pleasure or joy on account of someone's success or good fortune; "a congratulatory telegram"; "the usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent"; "a gratulatory address".
well-chosen happy well expressed and to the point; "a happy turn of phrase"; "a few well-chosen words".
well-wishing extending good wishes for success; "his well-wishing supporters".
fertile capable of reproducing.
impregnable conceptive capable of conceiving.
fecund capable of producing offspring or vegetation.
fertilizable capable of being fertilized.
rank very fertile; producing profuse growth; "rank earth".
terminated over ended concluded complete all_over having come or been brought to a conclusion; "the harvesting was complete"; "the affair is over, ended, finished"; "the abruptly terminated interview".
pending awaiting conclusion or confirmation; "business still pending".
delimited bounded having the limits or boundaries established; "a delimited frontier through the disputed region".
exhaustible capable of being used up; capable of being exhausted; "our exhaustible reserves of fossil fuel".
endless infinitely great in number; "endless waves".
unlimited inexhaustible that cannot be entirely consumed or used up; "an inexhaustible supply of coal".
sunset providing for termination; "a program with a sunset provision".
fissile capable of being split or cleft or divided in the direction of the grain; "fissile crystals"; "fissile wood".
fissionable fissile capable of undergoing nuclear fission; "a fissionable nucleous"; "fissionable material".
fit physically and mentally sound or healthy; "felt relaxed and fit after their holiday"; "keeps fit with diet and exercise".
able-bodied able having a strong healthy body; "an able seaman"; "every able-bodied young man served in the army".
fit meeting adequate standards for a purpose; "a fit subject for discussion"; "it is fit and proper that you be there"; "water fit to drink"; "fit for duty"; "do as you see fit to".
acceptable adequate for the purpose; "the water was acceptable for drinking".
suited suitable meant or adapted for an occasion or use; "a tractor suitable (or fit) for heavy duty"; "not an appropriate (or fit) time for flippancy".
worthy having qualities or abilities that merit recognition in some way; "behavior worthy of reprobation"; "a fact worthy of attention".
unfit below the required standards for a purpose; "an unfit parent"; "unfit for human consumption".
waxy pliant pliable bendable capable of being bent or flexed or twisted without breaking; "a flexible wire"; "a pliant young tree".
supple limber (used of persons' bodies) capable of moving or bending freely.
limber (used of artifacts) easily bent.
spinnbar spinnable capable of being spun into fibres.
flexible capable of being changed; "flexible schedules".
supple limber (used of e.g. personality traits) readily adaptable; "a supple mind"; "a limber imagination".
hard-core stubbornly resistant to change or improvement; "hard-core addicts".
ironclad brassbound inflexibly entrenched and unchangeable; "brassbound traditions"; "brassbound party loyalists"; "an ironclad rule".
hardline hard-line firm and uncompromising; "a hard-line policy".
flexible conciliatory compromising making or willing to make concessions; "loneliness tore through him...whenever he thought of...even the compromising Louis du Tillet".
yielding tending to give in or surrender or agree; "too yielding to make a stand against any encroachments"- V.I.Parrington.
nonrigid designating an airship having a shape maintained only by internal gas pressure and without a supporting structure.
adjustable capable of being changed so as to match or fit; "adjustable seat belts".
pliant pliable flexible elastic able to adjust readily to different conditions; "an adaptable person"; "a flexible personality"; "an elastic clause in a contract".
pedate having or resembling a foot.
two-toed two-toe having two toes.
splay turned outward in an ungainly manner; "splay knees".
adoptive adopted acquired as your own by free choice; "my adopted state"; "an adoptive country".
native characteristic of or existing by virtue of geographic origin; "the native North American sugar maple"; "many native artists studied abroad".
housewifely related or suited to a housewife; "housewifely virtues".
husbandly related to or suited to a husband; "assumed husbandly duties like mowing the lawn".
forgettable easily forgotten.
persistent haunting continually recurring to the mind; "haunting memories"; "the cathedral organ and the distant voices have a haunting beauty"- Claudia Cassidy.
memorable worth remembering.
red-letter memorable for being a special occasion; "on red-letter nights a large gathering greeted the celebrity".
forgiving inclined or able to forgive and show mercy; "a kindly forgiving nature"; "a forgiving embrace to the naughty child".
tolerant kind tolerant and forgiving under provocation; "our neighbor was very kind about the window our son broke".
ceremonial marked by pomp or ceremony or formality; "a ceremonial occasion"; "ceremonial garb".
full-dress dress suitable for formal occasions; "formal wear"; "a full-dress uniform"; "dress shoes".
everyday daily casual appropriate for ordinary or routine occasions; "casual clothes"; "everyday clothes".
slangy constituting or expressed in slang or given to the use of slang; "a slangy expression"; "slangy speech".
fortunate having unexpected good fortune; "other, less fortunate, children died"; "a fortunate choice".
better_off in a more fortunate or prosperous condition; "she would have been better off if she had stuck with teaching"; "is better off than his classmate".
happy felicitous marked by good fortune; "a felicitous life"; "a happy outcome".
fortuitous occurring by happy chance; "profits were enhanced by a fortuitous drop in the cost of raw materials".
well good3 resulting favorably; "it's a good thing that I wasn't there"; "it is good that you stayed"; "it is well that no one saw you"; "all's well that ends well".
providential miraculous heaven-sent peculiarly fortunate or appropriate; as if by divine intervention; "a heaven-sent rain saved the crops"; "a providential recovery".
lucky occurring by chance; "a lucky escape"; "a lucky guess".
well-off fortunately situated; "doesn't know when he's well-off".
fragrant pleasant-smelling.
redolent aromatic having a strong pleasant odor; "the pine woods were more redolent"- Jean Stafford.
sweet-smelling sweet-scented sweet scented perfumed odorous odoriferous having a natural fragrance; "odoriferous spices"; "the odorous air of the orchard"; "the perfumed air of June"; "scented flowers".
pleasant-smelling having an odor that is pleasing.
strong-smelling strong-scented having a strong odor.
scentless emitting or holding no odor; "scentless wisps of straw"; "a scentless stretch of rocky ground".
free able to act at will; not hampered; not under compulsion or restraint; "free enterprise"; "a free port"; "a free country"; "I have an hour free"; "free will"; "free of racism"; "feel free to stay as long as you wish"; "a free choice".
clear free from contact or proximity or connection; "we were clear of the danger"; "the ship was clear of the reef".
liberated emancipated free from traditional social restraints; "an emancipated young woman pursuing her career"; "a liberated lifestyle".
footloose free to go or do as one pleases; "Americans have always been a footloose people always moving on"; "a footloose young man eager to see the big city".
unimprisoned unconfined free from confinement or physical restraint.
unconstrained free from constraint; "he was unconstrained by any of the sanctions of polite society"; "the dog was unconstrained"; "idle, unconstrained gossip".
unrestricted free of restrictions on conduct; "I had unrestricted access".
freeborn born free of free parents.
unfree held in servitude; "he was born of slave parents".
caller fresh; "caller fish".
crisp pleasingly firm and fresh; "crisp lettuce".
unspoilt unspoiled undecomposed good0 not left to spoil; "the meat is still good".
hot6 newly made; "a hot scent".
new-made newly made; "the aroma of new-made bread".
stale lacking freshness, palatability, or showing deterioration from age; "stale bread"; "the beer was stale".
cured aged (used of tobacco) aging as a preservative process (`aged' is pronounced as one syllable).
lyophilized lyophilised freeze-dried used of tissue or blood or serum or other biological substances; dried by freezing in a high vacuum.
saltish somewhat salty.
friendly characteristic of or befitting a friend; "friendly advice"; "a friendly neighborhood"; "the only friendly person here"; "a friendly host and hostess".
genial cordial amiable affable diffusing warmth and friendliness; "an affable smile"; "an amiable gathering"; "cordial relations"; "a cordial greeting"; "a genial host".
palsy-walsy pally matey chummy (used colloquially) having the relationship of friends or pals.
hail-fellow-well-met hail-fellow comradely heartily friendly and congenial.
couthy couthie (chiefly Scottish) agreeable and genial.
intimate informal cozy having or fostering a warm or friendly and informal atmosphere; "had a cozy chat"; "a relaxed informal manner"; "an intimate cocktail lounge"; "the small room was cozy and intimate".
neighbourly neighborly exhibiting the qualities expected in a friendly neighbor.
friendly easy to understand or use; "user-friendly computers"; "a consumer-friendly policy"; "a reader-friendly novel".
ice-free free of ice and open to travel; "an ice-free channel in the river".
fruitful productive or conducive to producing in abundance; "be fruitful and multiply".
berried bacciferous baccate producing or bearing berries.
blue-fruited bearing blue fruit.
plentiful bountiful producing in abundance; "the bountiful earth"; "a plentiful year"; "fruitful soil".
breeding producing offspring or set aside especially for producing offspring; "the breeding population"; "retained a few bulls for breeding purposes".
dark-fruited bearing dark fruit.
rich productive fertile fat marked by great fruitfulness; "fertile farmland"; "a fat land"; "a productive vineyard"; "rich soil".
reproductive procreative generative producing new life or offspring; "the reproductive potential of a species is its relative capacity to reproduce itself under optimal conditions"; "the reproductive or generative organs".
high-yield yielding a large amount of agricultural or industrial production.
oval-fruited bearing oval fruit.
prolific fertile bearing in abundance especially offspring; "flying foxes are extremely prolific"; "a prolific pear tree".
red-fruited bearing red fruit.
round-fruited bearing round fruit.
small-fruited bearing small fruit.
filled (usually followed by `with' or used as a combining form) generously supplied with; "theirs was a house filled with laughter"; "a large hall filled with rows of desks"; "fog-filled air".
vacant void of thought or knowledge; "a vacant mind".
vacuous devoid of matter; "a vacuous space".
empty emptied of emotion; "after the violent argument he felt empty".
full-time for the entire time appropriate to an activity; "a full-time job".
half-time involving half the standard or customary time for an activity; "he had two years of half-time training".
functional designed for or capable of a particular function or use; "a style of writing in which every word is functional"; "functional architecture".
ornamental decorative cosmetic serving an esthetic rather than a useful purpose; "cosmetic fenders on cars"; "the buildings were utilitarian rather than decorative".
working running operative functional (of e.g. a machine) performing or capable of performing; "in running (or working) order"; "a functional set of brakes".
equipt equipped provided or fitted out with what is necessary or useful or appropriate; "a well equipped playground"; "a ship equipped with every mechanical aid to navigation".
panoplied armored equipped with the complete arms and armor of a warrior.
prepared equipped or prepared with necessary intellectual resources; "graduates well equipped to handle such problems"; "equipped to be a scholar".
visored having or provided with a visor or a visor of a particular kind; "their spic, red-visored caps".
fully_fledged full-fledged (of a bird) having reached full development with fully grown adult plumage; ready to fly.
appointed provided with furnishing and accessories (especially of a tasteful kind); "a house that is beautifully appointed".
well-found well-appointed having a full array of suitable equipment or furnishings; "a well-appointed kitchen"; "a well-appointed apartment".
specified clearly and explicitly stated; "meals are at specified times".
mere being nothing more than specified; "a mere child".
generic applicable to an entire class or group; "is there a generic Asian mind?".
gross lacking fine distinctions or detail; "the gross details of the structure appear reasonable".
ad_hoc for or concerned with one specific purpose; "a coordinated policy instead of ad hoc decisions".
circumstantial fully detailed and specific about particulars; "a circumstantial report about the debate".
unitary characterized by or constituting a form of government in which power is held by one central authority; "a unitary as opposed to a federal form of government".
technical characterizing or showing skill in or specialized knowledge of applied arts and sciences; "a technical problem"; "highly technical matters hardly suitable for the general public"; "a technical report"; "producing the A-bomb was a challenge to the technical people of this country"; "technical training"; "technical language".
branded (of goods and merchandise) marked or labeled by a distinctive word or symbol indicating exclusive rights; "branded merchandise is that bearing a standard brand name".
freehearted benevolent generous in providing aid to others.
openhanded liberal handsome giving freehanded bountiful bounteous bighearted big2 given or giving freely; "was a big tipper"; "the bounteous goodness of God"; "bountiful compliments"; "a freehanded host"; "a handsome allowance"; "Saturday's child is loving and giving"; "a liberal backer of the arts"; "a munificent gift"; "her fond and openhanded grandfather".
unselfish not greedy.
skinny penny-pinching near close4 cheeseparing giving or spending with reluctance; "our cheeseparing administration"; "very close (or near) with his money"; "a penny-pinching miserly old man".
scrimy niggardly grudging petty or reluctant in giving or spending; "a niggardly tip".
tight miserly mingy mean (used of persons or behavior) characterized by or indicative of lack of generosity; "a mean person"; "he left a miserly tip".
magnanimous large big1 generous and understanding and tolerant; "a heart big enough to hold no grudges"; "that's very big of you to be so forgiving"; "a large and generous spirit"; "a large heart"; "magnanimous toward his enemies".
ungenerous meanspirited lacking in magnanimity; "it seems ungenerous to end this review of a splendid work of scholarship on a critical note"- Times Litt. Sup.; "a meanspirited man unwilling to forgive".
documented authenticated attested established as genuine.
honest good9 not forged; "a good dollar bill".
sure-enough old honest-to-goodness honest-to-god (used informally especially for emphasis); "a real honest-to-god live cowboy"; "had us a high old time"; "went upriver to look at a sure-enough fish wheel".
talented gifted endowed with talent or talents; "a gifted writer".
untalented talentless devoid of talent; not gifted.
bright splendid; "the bright stars of stage and screen"; "a bright moment in history"; "the bright pageantry of court".
storied historied celebrated having an illustrious past.
inspired elysian divine being of such surpassing excellence as to suggest inspiration by the gods; "her pies were simply divine"; "the divine Shakespeare"; "an elysian meal"; "an inspired performance".
sublime empyrean empyreal inspiring awe; "well-meaning ineptitude that rises to empyreal absurdity"- M.S.Dworkin; "empyrean aplomb"- Hamilton Basso; "the sublime beauty of the night".
incandescent characterized by ardent emotion or intensity or brilliance; "an incandescent performance".
lustrous brilliant; "set a lustrous example for others to follow"; "lustrous actors of the time".
go functioning correctly and ready for action; "all systems are go".
a-okay a-ok in perfect condition or order.
good having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified; "good news from the hospital"; "a good report card"; "when she was good she was very very good"; "a good knife is one good for cutting"; "this stump will make a good picnic table"; "a good check"; "a good joke"; "a good exterior paint"; "a good secretary"; "a good dress for the office".
swell smashing slap-up peachy not_bad nifty neat keen groovy great dandy cracking corking bully bang-up very good; "he did a bully job"; "a neat sports car"; "had a great time at the party"; "you look simply smashing".
good_enough adequately good for the circumstances; "if it's good enough for you it's good enough for me".
goodish moderately good of its kind; "a goodish wine".
redeeming compensating for some fault or defect; "the redeeming feature of the plan is its simplicity"; "his saving grace was his sense of humor".
satisfactory acceptable meeting requirements; "the step makes a satisfactory seat".
solid characterized by good substantial quality; "solid comfort"; "a solid base hit".
superb surpassingly good; "a superb meal".
well_behaved well-behaved (usually of children) someone who behaves in a manner that the speaker believes is correct; "a well-behaved child".
good morally admirable.
saintly saintlike sainted beatific angelical angelic marked by utter benignity; resembling or befitting an angel or saint; "angelic beneficence"; "a beatific smile"; "a saintly concern for his fellow men"; "my sainted mother".
goody-goody affectedly or smugly good or self-righteous.
saving redemptive redeeming bringing about salvation or redemption from sin; "saving faith"; "redemptive (or redeeming) love".
white benevolent; without malicious intent; "that's white of you".
good-natured having an easygoing and cheerful disposition; "too good-natured to resent a little criticism"; "the good-natured policeman on our block"; "the sounds of good-natured play".
good-humoured good-humored amiable disposed to please; "an amiable villain with a cocky sidelong grin"- Hal Hinson.
placid good-tempered even-tempered equable not easily irritated; "an equable temper"; "not everyone shared his placid temperament"; "remained placid despite the repeated delays".
graceful characterized by beauty of movement, style, form, or execution.
elegant displaying effortless beauty and simplicity in movement or execution; "an elegant dancer"; "an elegant mathematical solution -- simple and precise".
gainly graceful and pleasing; "gainly conduct"; "a gainly youth with dark hair and eyes".
willowy gracile slender and graceful.
sylphlike svelte supple slender lithesome lithe lissome lissom moving and bending with ease.
awkward lacking grace or skill in manner or movement or performance; "an awkward dancer"; "an awkward gesture"; "too awkward with a needle to make her own clothes"; "his clumsy fingers produced an awkward knot".
gracious characterized by charm, good taste, and generosity of spirit; "gracious even to unexpected visitors"; "gracious living"; "he bears insult with gracious good humor".
refined graceful elegant suggesting taste, ease, and wealth.
merciful (used conventionally of royalty and high nobility) gracious; "our merciful king".
ungracious lacking charm and good taste; "an ungracious industrial city"; "this curt summary is not meant to be ungracious"; "ungracious behavior".
unpleasing graceless lacking graciousness; "a totally graceless hostess".
steep having a sharp inclination; "the steep attic stairs"; "steep cliffs".
well-formed grammatical conforming to the rules of grammar or usage accepted by native speakers; "spoke in grammatical sentences".
thankful grateful feeling or showing gratitude; "a grateful heart"; "grateful for the tree's shade"; "a thankful smile".
triploid of a cell or organism having three complete sets of chromosomes; "human triploid fetuses are usually spontaneously aborted".
happy enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure; "a happy smile"; "spent many happy days on the beach"; "a happy marriage".
blessed characterized by happiness and good fortune; "a blessed time".
prosperous halcyon golden marked by peace and prosperity; "a golden era"; "the halcyon days of the clipper trade".
al_dente of pasta cooked so as to be firm when eaten.
squeezable compressible capable of being easily compressed.
squishy squashy spongy spongelike easily squashed; resembling a sponge in having soft porous texture and compressibility; "spongy bread".
velvety velvet resembling velvet in having a smooth soft surface.
shrewd scheming conniving calculative calculating used of persons; "the most calculating and selfish men in the community".
soft compassionate and kind; conciliatory; "he was soft on his children".
mellow having attained to kindliness or gentleness through age and experience; "mellow wisdom"; "the peace of mellow age".
soft (of speech sounds); produced with the back of the tongue raised toward the hard palate; characterized by a hissing or hushing sound (as `s' and `sh').
stony obdurate granitic flinty flint showing unfeeling resistance to tender feelings; "his flinty gaze"; "the child's misery would move even the most obdurate heart".
spirituous spiritous containing or of the nature of alcohol; "spiritous beverages"; "spirituous liquors".
harmonious musically pleasing.
harmonized harmonised harmonical harmonic consonant involving or characterized by harmony.
true1 on-key in tune; accurate in pitch; "a true note".
pure free from discordant qualities.
symphonious symphonic harmonious in sound; "the symphonic hum of a million insects".
healthful conducive to good health of body or mind; "a healthful climate"; "a healthful environment"; "healthful nutrition"; "healthful sleep"; "Dickens's relatively healthful exuberance".
parasiticidal helminthic anthelmintic anthelminthic capable of expelling or destroying parasitic worms.
antimicrobic antimicrobial capable of destroying or inhibiting the growth of disease-causing microorganisms.
flatus-relieving carminative relieving gas in the alimentary tract (colic or flatulence or griping).
psychotherapeutic cathartic emotionally purging.
therapeutic sanative remedial healing curative alterative tending to cure or restore to health; "curative powers of herbal remedies"; "her gentle healing hand"; "remedial surgery"; "a sanative environment of mountains and fresh air"; "a therapeutic agent"; "therapeutic diets".
salutary good8 tending to promote physical well-being; beneficial to health; "beneficial effects of a balanced diet"; "a good night's sleep"; "the salutary influence of pure air".
organic simple and healthful and close to nature; "an organic lifestyle".
prophylactic preventive preventative preventing or contributing to the prevention of disease; "preventive medicine"; "vaccines are prophylactic"; "a prophylactic drug".
restorative recuperative promoting recuperation; "recuperative powers"; "strongly recuperative remedies"; "restorative effects of exercise".
unhealthful detrimental to good health; "unhealthful air pollution"; "unhealthful conditions in old apartments with peeling lead-based paint".
pathogenic morbific infective able to cause disease; "infective agents"; "pathogenic bacteria".
medical requiring or amenable to treatment by medicine especially as opposed to surgery; "medical treatment"; "pneumonia is a medical disease".
surgical operative relating to or requiring or amenable to treatment by surgery especially as opposed to medicine; "a surgical appendix"; "a surgical procedure"; "operative dentistry".
operable capable of being treated by surgical operation; "an operable cancer".
antipyretic preventing or alleviating fever.
healthy having or indicating good health in body or mind; free from infirmity or disease; "a rosy healthy baby"; "staying fit and healthy".
rosy-cheeked rosy rose-cheeked flushed having the pinkish flush of health.
bouncing vigorously healthy; "a bouncing baby".
firm possessing the tone and resiliency of healthy tissue; "firm muscles".
sound good7 in excellent physical condition; "good teeth"; "I still have one good leg"; "a sound mind in a sound body".
whole hale exhibiting or restored to vigorous good health; "hale and hearty"; "whole in mind and body"; "a whole person again".
hearty consuming abundantly and with gusto; "a hearty (or healthy) appetite".
red-blooded lusty hearty full-blooded endowed with or exhibiting great bodily or mental health; "a hearty glow of health".
anicteric not affected by jaundice.
sanguine ruddy rubicund florid inclined to a healthy reddish color often associated with outdoor life; "a ruddy complexion"; "Santa's rubicund cheeks"; "a fresh and sanguine complexion".
well-preserved used of older persons who are healthy.
wholesome sound or exhibiting soundness in body or mind; "exercise develops wholesome appetites"; "a grin on his ugly wholesome face".
phlegmy characterized by phlegm; "a phlegmy discharge".
ambrosian ambrosial worthy of the gods.
supernal ethereal celestial of heaven or the spirit; "celestial peace"; "ethereal melodies"; "the supernal happiness of a quiet death".
godly divine emanating from God; "divine judgment"; "divine guidance"; "everything is black or white...satanic or godly"-Saturday Review.
godlike divine being or having the nature of a god; "the custom of killing the divine king upon any serious failure of his...powers"-J.G.Frazier; "the divine will"; "the divine capacity for love"; "'Tis wise to learn; 'tis God-like to create"-J.G.Saxe.
paradisiacal paradisiac paradisal paradisaical paradisaic relating to or befitting Paradise; "together in that paradisal place"; "paradisiacal innocence".
providential divine resulting from divine providence; "providential care"; "a providential visitation".
translunary translunar superlunary superlunar unworldly or ethereal; "high translunary dreams".
digestible capable of being converted into assimilable condition in the alimentary canal.
bicephalous having two heads.
acephalous lacking a head or a clearly defined head; "acephalous worms".
ponderous having great mass and weight and unwieldiness; "a ponderous stone"; "a ponderous burden"; "ponderous weapons".
airy having little or no perceptible weight; so light as to resemble air; "airy gauze curtains".
weighty having relatively great weight; heavy; "a weighty load"; "a weighty package".
heavy9 large and powerful; especially designed for heavy loads or rough work; "a heavy truck"; "heavy machinery".
weighted leaden made heavy or weighted down with weariness; "his leaden arms"; "weighted eyelids".
oppressive weighing heavily on the senses or spirit; "the atmosphere was oppressive"; "oppressive sorrows".
tripping lightsome light1 moving easily and quickly; nimble; "the dancer was light and graceful"; "a lightsome buoyant step"; "walked with a light tripping step".
thoughtful paying_attention heedful attentive taking heed; giving close and thoughtful attention; "heedful of the warnings"; "so heedful a writer"; "heedful of what they were doing".
sanctioning sanctionative implying sanction or serving to sanction; "the guardian's duties were primarily sanctionative rather than administrative".
helpful providing assistance or serving a useful function.
accommodating obliging; willing to do favors; "made a special effort to be accommodating".
assistive giving assistance.
face-saving maintaining dignity or prestige; "a face-saving compromise".
facilitative freeing from difficulty or impediment; "facilitative changes in the economic structure".
subservient instrumental implemental serving or acting as a means or aid; "instrumental in solving the crime".
right-hand most helpful and reliable; "my right-hand man".
heterodactyl (of bird feet) having the first and second toes directed backward the third and fourth forward.
homogenous homogeneous all of the same or similar kind or nature; "a close-knit homogeneous group".
homogenized homogenised made homogeneous.
queer homophile gay homosexual or arousing homosexual desires.
homoerotic of or concerning homosexual love.
sapphic lesbian of or relating to or characterized by homosexual relations between woman.
transvestite transvestic receiving sexual gratification from wearing clothing of the opposite sex.
tribadistic of female homosexual behavior that attempts to simulate heterosexual behavior.
bisexual sexually attracted to both sexes.
stratified class-conscious (used of society) socially hierarchical; "American society is becoming increasingly stratified".
gradable capable of being graded (for quality or rank or size etc.).
high (literal meaning) being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension (sometimes used in combinations like `knee-high'); "a high mountain"; "high ceilings"; "high buildings"; "a high forehead"; "a high incline"; "a foot high".
altitudinous indefinitely high; lofty.
high-level high-altitude occurring at or from a relative high altitude; "high-level bombing".
high-topped high-top (of shoes or boots) having relatively high uppers.
high-tech hi-tech resembling or making use of highly advanced technology or devices.
low-tech not involving high technology.
high-necked (of a garment) having a high neckline; "a high-necked blouse".
high-ceilinged having a higher than normal ceiling.
advanced at a higher level in training or knowledge or skill; "an advanced degree"; "an advanced text in physics"; "special seminars for small groups of advanced students at the University".
higher advanced in complexity or elaboration; "higher finance"; "higher mathematics".
utmost last highest in extent or degree; "to the last measure of human endurance"; "whether they were accomplices in the last degree or a lesser one was...to be determined individually".
soaring ascending to a level markedly higher than the usual; "soaring prices".
altissimo very high.
falsetto artificially high; above the normal voice range; "a falsetto voice".
spiky peaky having or as if having especially high-pitched spots; "absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass".
shrill sharp having or emitting a high-pitched and sharp tone or tones ; "a shrill whistle"; "a shrill gaiety".
sopranino higher in range than soprano; "a sopranino recorder".
mimetic exhibiting mimicry; "mimetic coloring of a butterfly"; "the mimetic tendency of infancy"- R.W.Hamilton.
high-resolution producing images that are sharp and finely detailed; "high-resolution photography"; "a high-resolution lens"; "high-resolution television".
low-resolution of computer output devices; producing images that are not sharply defined.
upland highland used of high or hilly country.
subalpine alpestrine growing at high altitudes.
homologous having the same evolutionary origin but not necessarily the same function; "the wing of a bat and the arm of a man are homologous".
homological homologic similar in evolutionary origin but not in function.
honorable honest not disposed to cheat or defraud; not deceptive or fraudulent; "honest lawyers"; "honest reporting".
downright characterized by plain blunt honesty; "a downright answer"; "a downright kind of person".
beguiling misleading by means of pleasant or alluring methods; "taken in by beguiling tales of overnight fortunes".
honest marked by truth; "gave honest answers"; "honest reporting".
veracious habitually speaking the truth; "a veracious witness".
honourable honorable worthy of being honored; entitled to honor and respect; "an honorable man"; "led an honorable life"; "honorable service to his country".
venerable revered august profoundly honored; "revered holy men".
laureate worthy of the greatest honor or distinction; "The nation's pediatrician laureate is preparing to lay down his black bag"- James Traub.
time-honoured time-honored honored because of age or long usage; "time-honored institutions".
hopeful having or manifesting hope; "a line of people hopeful of obtaining tickets"; "found a hopeful way of attacking the problem".
expectant anticipative anticipant marked by eager anticipation; "an expectant hush".
consolable able to be consoled.
level being on a precise horizontal plane; "a billiard table must be level".
sidelong inclining or directed to one side; "moved downward in a sidelong way" - Bram Stoker.
erectile capable of being raised to an upright position; "erectile feathers".
semi-climbing of plants that are semi-climbers.
semi-erect of plants that are partly erect.
stand-up requiring a standing position; "a stand-up bar"; "a stand-up comic".
still free from noticeable current; "a still pond"; "still waters run deep".
hospitable favorable to life and growth; "soil sufficiently hospitable for forest growth"; "a hospitable environment".
kind genial agreeable, conducive to comfort; "a dry climate kind to asthmatics"; "the genial sunshine";"hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet".
unfriendly uncongenial hostile very unfavorable to life or growth; "a hostile climate"; "an uncongenial atmosphere"; "an uncongenial soil"; "the unfriendly environment at high altitudes".
hospitable disposed to treat guests and strangers with cordiality and generosity; "a good-natured and hospitable man"; "a hospitable act"; "hospitable invitations".
bitter proceeding from or exhibiting great hostility or animosity; "a bitter struggle"; "bitter enemies".
amicable characterized by friendship and good will.
well-disposed friendly favorable inclined to help or support; not antagonistic or hostile; "a government friendly to our interests"; "an amicable agreement".
heatable capable of becoming hot; "the heatable tip of a soldering iron".
het_up het heated_up heated made warm or hot (`het' is a dialectal variant of `heated'); "a heated swimming pool"; "wiped his heated-up face with a large bandana"; "he was all het up and sweaty".
spring-flowering spring-blooming late-spring-blooming early-flowering early-blooming of plants that bloom during the spring.
estival aestival (rare) of or occurring in summer; "the sky was a burnished aestival blue"; "estival winds".
late-flowering late-blooming fall-flowering fall-blooming autumn-flowering autumn-blooming of plants that bloom during the autumn.
winter-flowering winter-blooming of plants that bloom during the winter.
heated marked by emotional heat; vehement; "a heated argument".
sizzling red-hot characterized by intense emotion or interest or excitement; "a red-hot speech"; "sizzling political issues".
torrid emotionally charged and vigorously energetic; "a torrid dance"; "torrid jazz bands"; "hot trumpets and torrid rhythms".
white-hot intensely zealous or fervid; "fierce white-hot loyalty".
humanlike anthropomorphous anthropomorphic suggesting human characteristics for animals or inanimate things.
hominal of humankind as a species; "the hominal kingdom".
hominid hominian characterizing the family Hominidae, which includes Homo sapiens as well as extinct species of manlike creatures.
superhuman above or beyond the human or demanding more than human power or endurance; "superhuman beings"; "superhuman strength"; "soldiers driven mad by superhuman misery".
godlike divine appropriate to or befitting a god; "the divine strength of Achilles"; "a man of godlike sagacity"; "man must play God for he has acquired certain godlike powers"-R.H.Roveref.
powerful herculean displaying superhuman strength or power; "herculean exertions".
humanitarian humanistic humanist human-centred human-centered marked by humanistic values and devotion to human welfare; "a humane physician"; "released the prisoner for humanitarian reasons"; "respect and humanistic regard for all members of our species".
tongue-in-cheek facetious bantering cleverly amusing in tone; "a bantering tone"; "facetious remarks"; "tongue-in-cheek advice".
zany clownlike clownish buffoonish like a clown; "a buffoonish walk"; "a clownish face"; "a zany sense of humor".
risible mirthful laughable funny comical comic amusing arousing or provoking laughter; "an amusing film with a steady stream of pranks and pratfalls"; "an amusing fellow"; "a comic hat"; "a comical look of surprise"; "funny stories that made everybody laugh"; "a very funny writer"; "it would have been laughable if it hadn't hurt so much"; "a mirthful experience"; "risible courtroom antics".
droll comical in an odd or whimsical manner; "a droll little man with a quiet tongue-in-cheek kind of humor".
ridiculous ludicrous farcical broadly or extravagantly humorous; resembling farce; "the wild farcical exuberance of a clown"; "ludicrous green hair".
joking jocular jocose jesting characterized by jokes and good humor.
sidesplitting killing very funny; "a killing joke"; "sidesplitting antics".
seriocomical seriocomic mixing the serious with the comic with comic predominating; "a seriocomic novel".
slapstick characterized by horseplay and physical action; "slapstick style of humor".
tragicomical tragicomic having pathetic as well as ludicrous characteristics; "her life...presented itself to me as a tragicomical adventure"--Joseph Conrad.
waggish witty or joking; "Muskrat Castle as the house has been facetiously named by some waggish officer"- James Fenimore Cooper.
witty combining clever conception and facetious expression; "his sermons were unpredictably witty and satirical as well as eloquent".
empty-bellied empty needing nourishment; "after skipped lunch the men were empty by suppertime"; "empty-bellied children".
headlong hasty excessively quick; "made a hasty exit"; "a headlong rush to sell".
measured deliberate careful unhurried and with care and dignity; "walking at the same measured pace"; "with all deliberate speed".
identifiable capable of being identified.
acknowledgeable capable of being acknowledged.
diagnosable capable of being diagnosed.
specifiable capable of being specified; "specifiable complaints".
of_import important of great significance or value; "important people"; "the important questions of the day".
of_the_essence essential crucial all_important all-important of the greatest importance; "the all-important subject of disarmament"; "crucial information"; "in chess cool nerves are of the essence".
alpha first in order of importance; "the alpha male in the group of chimpanzees"; "the alpha star in a constellation is the brightest or main star".
beta second in order of importance; "the candidate, considered a beta male, was perceived to be unable to lead his party to victory".
big significant; "graduation was a big day in his life".
burning of immediate import; "burning issues of the day".
principal primary master main chief most important element; "the chief aim of living"; "the main doors were of solid glass"; "the principal rivers of America"; "the principal example"; "policemen were primary targets"; "the master bedroom"; "a master switch".
eventful consequential having important issues or results; "the year's only really consequential legislation"; "an eventful decision".
copernican of radical or major importance; "a Copernican revolution in modern art".
distinguished (used of persons) standing above others in character or attainment or reputation; "our distinguished professor".
grand the most important and magnificent in adornment; "grand ballroom"; "grand staircase".
outstanding great of major significance or importance; "a great work of art"; "Einstein was one of the outstanding figures of the 20th centurey".
historic important in history; "the historic first voyage to outer space".
measurable of distinguished importance; "a measurable figure in literature".
most-valuable designating the player judged to be the most important to the sport; "the most-valuable player award".
serious of great consequence; "marriage is a serious matter".
strategic highly important to or an integral part of a strategy or plan of action especially in war; "a strategic chess move"; "strategic withdrawal"; "strategic bombing missions".
unimportant not important; "a relatively unimportant feature of the system"; "the question seems unimportant".
inconsequential inconsequent lacking worth or importance; "his work seems trivial and inconsequential"; "the quite inconsequent fellow was managed like a puppet".
impressive making a strong or vivid impression; "an impressive ceremony".
awing awful awesome awe-inspiring amazing inspiring awe or admiration or wonder; "New York is an amazing city"; "the Grand Canyon is an awe-inspiring sight"; "the awesome complexity of the universe"; "this sea, whose gently awful stirrings seem to speak of some hidden soul beneath"- Melville; "Westminster Hall's awing majesty, so vast, so high, so silent".
stupefying staggering astounding astonishing so surprisingly impressive as to stun or overwhelm; "such an enormous response was astonishing"; "an astounding achievement"; "the amount of money required was staggering"; "suffered a staggering defeat"; "the figure inside the boucle dress was stupefying".
stately noble imposing baronial impressive in appearance; "a baronial mansion"; "an imposing residence"; "a noble tree"; "severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses"; "stately columns".
fulgurous fulgurant eye-popping dazzling amazingly impressive; suggestive of the flashing of lightning; "the skater's dazzling virtuosic leaps"; "these great best canvases still look as astonishing and as invitingly new as they did...when...his fulgurant popularity was in full growth"- Janet Flanner; "adventures related...in a style both vivid and fulgurous"- Idwal Jones.
striking spectacular dramatic sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect; "a dramatic sunset"; "a dramatic pause"; "a spectacular display of northern lights"; "it was a spectacular play"; "his striking good looks always created a sensation".
heroic grand expansive of behavior that is impressive and ambitious in scale or scope; "an expansive lifestyle"; "in the grand manner"; "collecting on a grand scale"; "heroic undertakings".
formidable extremely impressive in strength or excellence; "a formidable opponent"; "the challenge was formidable"; "had a formidable array of compositions to his credit"; "the formidable army of brains at the Prime Minister's disposal".
proud majestic lofty gallant having or displaying great dignity or nobility; "a gallant pageant"; "lofty ships"; "majestic cities"; "proud alpine peaks".
splendid magnificent glorious brilliant characterized by grandeur; "the brilliant court life at Versailles"; "a glorious work of art"; "magnificent cathedrals"; "the splendid coronation ceremony".
grandiose impressive because of unnecessary largeness or grandeur; used to show disapproval.
mind-boggling intellectually or emotionally overwhelming; "a mind-boggling display"; "a mind-boggling puzzle".
signal notably out of the ordinary; "the year saw one signal triumph for the Labour party".
noticeable capable or worthy of being perceived; "noticeable shadows under her eyes"; "noticeable for its vivid historical background"; "a noticeable lack of friendliness".
perceptible detectable easily seen or detected; "a detectable note of sarcasm"; "he continued after a perceptible pause".
observable evident discernible capable of being seen or noticed; "a discernible change in attitude"; "a clearly evident erasure in the manuscript"; "an observable change in behavior".
pronounced marked strongly marked; easily noticeable; "walked with a marked limp"; "a pronounced flavor of cinnamon".
noted worthy of notice or attention; "a noted increase in the crime rate".
improved made more desirable or valuable or profitable; especially made ready for use or marketing; "new houses are springing up on an improved tract of land near the river"; "an improved breed".
inclined (often followed by `to') having a preference, disposition, or tendency; "wasn't inclined to believe the excuse"; "inclined to be moody".
tending minded given disposed apt (usually followed by `to') naturally disposed toward; "he is apt to ignore matters he considers unimportant"; "I am not minded to answer any questions".
partial fond (followed by `of' or `to') having a strong preference or liking for; "fond of chocolate"; "partial to horror movies".
deducible capable of being deduced.
inferential illative resembling or dependent on or arrived at by inference; "an illative conclusion"; "inferential reasoning".
inferential of reasoning; proceeding from general premisses to a necessary and specific conclusion.
indulgent characterized by or given to yielding to the wishes of someone ; "indulgent grandparents".
effete decadent marked by excessive self-indulgence and moral decay; "a decadent life of excessive money and no sense of responsibility"; "a group of effete self-professed intellectuals".
sporting dissipated card-playing betting preoccupied with the pursuit of pleasure and especially games of chance; "led a dissipated life"; "a betting man"; "a card-playing son of a bitch"; "a gambling fool"; "sporting gents and their ladies".
voluptuous voluptuary sybaritic luxurious luxuriant epicurean displaying luxury and furnishing gratification to the senses; "an epicurean banquet"; "enjoyed a luxurious suite with a crystal chandelier and thick oriental rugs"; "Lucullus spent the remainder of his days in voluptuous magnificence"; "a chinchilla robe of sybaritic lavishness".
hedonistic hedonic epicurean devoted to pleasure; "a hedonic thrill"; "lives of unending hedonistic delight"; "epicurean pleasures".
self-indulgent indulgent of your own appetites and desires; "a self-indulgent...way of looking at life"- Havelock Ellis.
strict nonindulgent characterized by strictness, severity, or restraint.
puritanical puritanic blue morally rigorous and strict; "the puritan work ethic"; "puritanic distaste for alcohol"; "she was anything but puritanical in her behavior".
self-denying self-abnegating renunciative renunciant used especially of behavior.
self-restraining self-disciplined used of nonindulgent persons.
spartan severe unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment; "a parent severe to the pitch of hostility"- H.G.Wells; "a hefty six-footer with a rather severe mien"; "a strict disciplinarian"; "a Spartan upbringing".
industrial having highly developed industries; "the industrial revolution"; "an industrial nation".
highly-developed developed (used of societies) having high industrial development; "developed countries".
industrialized industrialised made industrial; converted to industrialism; "industrialized areas".
postindustrial of or relating to a society or economy marked by a lessened importance of manufacturing and an increase of services, information, and research; "postindustrial countries".
infectious easily spread; "fear is exceedingly infectious; children catch it from their elders"- Bertrand Russell.
transmittable transmissible contractable contagious communicable catching (of disease) capable of being transmitted by infection.
supernal being or coming from on high; "interpret the plague as a visitation from heaven, a supernal punishment for the sins of men".
informatory informative providing or conveying information.
consultive consultatory consultative advisory giving advice; "an advisory memorandum", "his function was purely consultative".
agnostical agnostic uncertain of all claims to knowledge.
informed having much knowledge or education; "an informed public"; "informed opinion"; "the informed customer".
up_on au_fait au_courant abreast being up to particular standard or level especially in being up to date in knowledge; "kept abreast of the latest developments"; "constant revision keeps the book au courant"; "always au fait on the latest events"; "up on the news".
familiar conversant (usually followed by `with') well informed about or knowing thoroughly; "conversant with business trends"; "familiar with the complex machinery"; "he was familiar with those roads".
enlightened educated characterized by full comprehension of the problem involved; "an educated guess"; "an enlightened electorate".
hip_to hip hep informed about the latest trends.
knowledgeable knowing alert and fully informed; "a knowing collector of rare books"; "surprisingly knowledgeable about what was going on".
privy (followed by `to') informed about something secret or not generally known; "privy to the details of the conspiracy".
well-read well informed or deeply versed through reading; "respect for a well-read man"; "well-read in medieval history".
uninformed not informed; lacking in knowledge or information; "the uninformed public".
unacquainted innocent not knowledgeable about something specified; "American tourists wholly innocent of French"; "a person unacquainted with our customs".
unadvised having received no information; "a defendant unadvised of her legal rights".
unread not informed through reading; "he seems to have been wholly unread in political theory"- V.L.Parrington.
open0 heart-to-heart candid openly straightforward and direct without reserve or secretiveness; "his candid eyes"; "an open and trusting nature"; "a heart-to-heart talk".
twisted perverted misrepresented distorted having an intended meaning altered or misrepresented; "many of the facts seemed twisted out of any semblance to reality"; "a perverted translation of the poem".
nontransmissible nonhereditary not acquirable by inheritance.
repressed pent-up characterized by or showing the suppression of impulses or emotions; "her severe upbringing had left her inhibited"; "a very inhibited young man, anxious and ill at ease"; "their reactions were partly the product of pent-up emotions"; "repressed rage turned his face scarlet".
abandoned free from constraint; "an abandoned sadness born of grief"- Liam O'Flaherty.
earthy hearty and lusty; "an earthy enjoyment of life".
injectable (used of drugs) capable of being injected.
uncut not cut; "glad to get out of the house with my throat uncut"- Tobias Smollett.
innocent guiltless clean-handed free from evil or guilt; "an innocent child"; "the principle that one is innocent until proved guilty".
vindicated exonerated exculpated cleared clear6 absolved freed from any question of guilt; "is absolved from all blame"; "was now clear of the charge of cowardice"; "his official honor is vindicated".
unimpeachable irreproachable inculpable blameless free of guilt; not subject to blame; "has lived a blameless life"; "of irreproachable character"; "an unimpeachable reputation".
guilt-ridden feeling or revealing a sense of guilt; "so guilt-ridden he could not face his father".
inspiring stimulating or exalting to the spirit.
exalting ennobling tending to exalt; "an exalting eulogy"; "ennobling thoughts".
uninspiring depressing to the spirit; "a villa of uninspiring design".
elucidative clarifying that makes clear; "a clarifying example".
illustrative demonstrative serving to demonstrate.
educative resulting in education; "an educative experience".
educational providing knowledge; "an educational film".
ostensive manifestly demonstrative.
preachy inclined to or marked by tedious moralization.
enlightening edifying enlightening or uplifting so as to encourage intellectual or moral improvement; "the paintings in the church served an edifying purpose even for those who could not read".
informative illuminating enlightening tending to increase knowledge or dissipate ignorance; "an enlightening glimpse of government in action"; "an illuminating lecture".
quarantined isolated under forced isolation especially for health reasons; "a quarantined animal"; "isolated patients".
compounded combined into or constituting a chemical compound.
disintegrative tending to cause breakup into constituent elements or parts.
intellectual appealing to or using the intellect; "satire is an intellectual weapon"; "intellectual workers engaged in creative literary or artistic or scientific labor"; "has tremendous intellectual sympathy for oppressed people"; "coldly intellectual"; "sort of the intellectual type"; "intellectual literature".
highbrowed highbrow highly cultured or educated; "highbrow events such as the ballet or opera"; "a highbrowed literary critic".
rational having its source in or being guided by the intellect (as distinguished from experience or emotion); "a rational analysis".
reflective devoted to matters of the mind; "the reflective type".
serious good6 appealing to the mind; "good music"; "a serious book".
sophisticated intellectually appealing; "a sophisticated drama".
nonintellectual not intellectual.
philistine anti-intellectual smug and ignorant and indifferent or hostile to artistic and cultural values.
uncultivated lowbrowed lowbrow characteristic of a person who is not cultivated or does not have intellectual tastes; "lowbrow tastes".
intelligent having the capacity for thought and reason especially to a high degree; "is there intelligent life in the universe?"; "an intelligent question".
nimble agile mentally quick; "an agile mind"; "nimble wits".
clever apt mentally quick and resourceful; "an apt pupil"; "you are a clever man...you reason well and your wit is bold"-Bram Stoker.
smart_as_a_whip brilliant brainy having or marked by unusual and impressive intelligence; "some men dislike brainy women"; "a brilliant mind"; "a brilliant solution to the problem".
smart bright characterized by quickness and ease in learning; "some children are brighter in one subject than another"; "smart children talk earlier than the average".
natural innate born being talented through inherited qualities; "a natural leader"; "a born musician"; "an innate talent".
prehensile having a keen intellect; "poets--those gifted strangely prehensile men"- A.T.Quiller-Couch.
scintillating brilliantly clever; "scintillating wit"; "a play full of scintillating dialogue".
trenchant searching having keenness and forcefulness and penetration in thought, expression, or intellect; "searching insights"; "trenchant criticism".
intelligible well articulated or enunciated, and loud enough to be heard distinctly; "intelligible pronunciation".
unintelligible poorly articulated or enunciated, or drowned by noise; "unintelligible speech".
knowing intentional characterized by conscious design or purpose; "intentional damage"; "a knowing attempt to defraud"; "a willful waste of time".
well-meant well-meaning well-intentioned marked by good intentions though often producing unfortunate results; "a well-intentioned but clumsy waiter"; "a well-meaning but tactless fellow"; "the son's well-meaning efforts threw a singular chill upon the father's admirers"- S.W.Maughm; "blunt but well-meant criticism".
intensifying increasing in strength or intensity.
heightening reaching a higher intensity; "their heightening fears".
moderating lessening in intensity or strength.
anodyne analgetic analgesic capable of relieving pain; "the anodyne properties of certain drugs"; "an analgesic effect".
interspecific interspecies arising or occurring between species; "an interspecific hybrid".
interested having or showing interest; especially curiosity or fascination or concern; "an interested audience"; "interested in sports"; "was interested to hear about her family"; "interested in knowing who was on the telephone"; "interested spectators".
bored blase uninterested because of frequent exposure or indulgence; "his blase indifference"; "a petulant blase air"; "the bored gaze of the successful film star".
dismissive showing indifference or disregard; "a dismissive shrug"; "the firm is dismissive of the competitor's product"; "'chronic fatigue syndrome' was known by the dismissive term 'housewife syndrome'".
interesting arousing or holding the attention.
riveting gripping fascinating engrossing absorbing capable of arousing and holding the attention; "a fascinating story".
entertaining agreeably diverting; "an entertaining puppet show"; "films should be entertaining".
diverting amusive amusing providing enjoyment; pleasantly entertaining; "an amusing speaker"; "a diverting story".
intriguing capable of arousing interest or curiosity; "our team came up with some most intriguing finds".
newsworthy sufficiently interesting to be reported in a newspaper.
jejune insipid lacking interest or significance or impact; "an insipid personality"; "jejune novel".
ponderous labored and dull; "a ponderous speech".
putdownable (of a book) poorly written and not entertaining.
intrinsical intrinsic belonging to a thing by its very nature; "form was treated as something intrinsic, as the very essence of the thing"- John Dewey.
intimate internal inner innermost or essential; "the inner logic of Cubism"; "the internal contradictions of the theory"; "the intimate structure of matter".
introvertive introversive directed inward; marked by interest in yourself or concerned with inner feelings.
invasive marked by a tendency to spread especially into healthy tissue; "invasive cancer cells".
invigorating imparting strength and vitality; "the invigorating mountain air".
enlivening animating giving spirit and vivacity.
tonic refreshing refreshful fresh brisk bracing imparting vitality and energy; "the bracing mountain air".
stimulating exhilarating making lively and cheerful; "the exhilarating effect of mountain air".
vitalizing life-giving giving or having the power to give life and spirit; "returning the life-giving humus to the land"- Louis Bromfield; "life-giving love and praise"; "the vitalizing rays of the warming sun".
reviving revitalizing revitalising restorative renewing tending to impart new life and vigor to; "the renewing warmth of the sunshine".
debilitating impairing the strength and vitality.
exhausting draining having a debilitating effect; "an exhausting job in the hot sun".
inviting attractive and tempting; "an inviting offer".
invitatory conveying an invitation; "a brief invitatory note".
tempting tantalizing tantalising very pleasantly inviting; "a tantalizing aroma"; "a tempting repast".
tantalizing tantalising arousing desire or expectation for something unattainable or mockingly out of reach; "a tantalizing taste of success".
uninviting neither attractive nor tempting.
pressed compacted by ironing.
smoothened smoothed made smooth by ironing.
gladsome experiencing or expressing gladness or joy; "a gladsome smile"; "a gladsome occasion".
jubilant joyful gleeful elated full of high-spirited delight; "a joyful heart".
mirthful merry jovial jolly jocund gay full of or showing high-spirited merriment; "when hearts were young and gay"; "a poet could not but be gay, in such a jocund company"- Wordsworth; "the jolly crowd at the reunion"; "jolly old Saint Nick"; "a jovial old gentleman"; "have a merry Christmas"; "peals of merry laughter"; "a mirthful laugh".
just used especially of what is legally or ethically right or proper or fitting; "a just and lasting peace"- A.Lincoln; "a kind and just man"; "a just reward"; "his just inheritance".
conscionable acceptable to your conscience.
meet fitting being precisely fitting and right; "it is only meet that she should be seated first".
vindicatory retributory retributive given or inflicted in requital according to merits or deserts; "retributive justice".
rightful legally valid; "a rightful inheritance".
actionable affording grounds for legal action; "slander is an actionable offense".
merited deserved properly deserved; "a merited success".
condign fitting or appropriate and deserved; used especially of punishment; "condign censure".
keyed fitted with or secured by a key; "a keyed instrument"; "the locks have not yet been keyed".
kind having or showing a tender and considerate and helpful nature; used especially of persons and their behavior; "kind to sick patients"; "a kind master"; "kind words showing understanding and sympathy"; "thanked her for her kind letter".
gracious benignant characterized by kindness and warm courtesy especially of a king to his subjects; "our benignant king".
benign kindness of disposition or manner; "the benign ruler of millions"; "benign intentions".
sympathetic openhearted large-hearted kindly good-hearted charitable benevolent showing or motivated by sympathy and understanding and generosity; "was charitable in his opinions of others"; "kindly criticism"; "a kindly act"; "sympathetic words"; "a large-hearted mentor".
gentle having or showing a kindly or tender nature; "the gentle touch of her hand"; "her gentle manner was comforting"; "a gentle sensitive nature"; "gentle blue eyes".
kindhearted kind-hearted having or proceeding from an innately kind disposition; "a generous and kindhearted teacher".
unkind lacking kindness; "a thoughtless and unkind remark"; "the unkindest cut of all".
unsympathetic unkindly lacking in sympathy and kindness; "unkindly ancts".
knowable cognoscible cognizable cognisable capable of being known.
transcendent beyond and outside the ordinary range of human experience or understanding; "the notion of any transcendent reality beyond thought".
known apprehended with certainty; "a known quantity"; "the limits of the known world"; "a musician known throughout the world"; "a known criminal".
renowned noted notable illustrious far-famed famous famed celebrated widely known and esteemed; "a famous actor"; "a celebrated musician"; "a famed scientist"; "an illustrious judge"; "a notable historian"; "a renowned painter".
legendary so celebrated as to having taken on the nature of a legend; "the legendary exploits of the arctic trailblazers".
well-known widely or fully known; "a well-known politician"; "well-known facts"; "a politician who is well known"; "these facts are well known".
understood fully apprehended as to purport or meaning or explanation; "the understood conditions of troop withdrawal were clear".
comprehended apprehended appreciated fully understood or grasped; "dangers not yet appreciated"; "these apprehended truths"; "a thing comprehended is a thing known as fully as it can be known".
taken interpreted understood in a certain way; made sense of; "a word taken literally"; "a smile taken as consent"; "an open door interpreted as an invitation".
tagged labelled labeled bearing or marked with a label or tag; "properly labeled luggage".
seagoing seafaring oceangoing used on the high seas; "seafaring vessels".
large big above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent; "a large city"; "set out for the big city"; "a large sum"; "a big (or large) barn"; "a large family"; "big businesses"; "a big expenditure"; "a large number of newspapers"; "a big group of scientists"; "large areas of the world".
larger bigger large or big relative to something else.
jumbo giant gargantuan elephantine of great mass; huge and bulky; "a jumbo jet"; "jumbo shrimp".
larger-than-life heroic epic very imposing or impressive; surpassing the ordinary (especially in size or scale); "an epic voyage"; "of heroic proportions"; "heroic sculpture".
grand large and impressive in physical size or extent; "the bridge is a grand structure".
hulky hulking of great size and bulk; "a hulking figure of a man"; "three hulking battleships".
lesser smaller in size or amount or value; "the lesser powers of Europe"; "the lesser anteater".
greater greater in size or importance or degree; "for the greater good of the community"; "the greater Antilles".
lawful conformable to or allowed by law; "lawful methods of dissent".
observant law-abiding (of individuals) adhering strictly to laws and rules and customs; "law-abiding citizens"; "observant of the speed limit".
nonleaded lead-free (of gasoline) not containing tetraethyl lead; "lead-free gasoline".
tight of such close construction as to be impermeable; "a tight roof"; "warm in our tight little house".
snug well and tightly constructed; "a snug house"; "a snug little sailboat".
caulked having cracks and crevices stopped up with a filler.
weather-stripped having cracks blocked with weather stripping.
court-ordered ordered by a court of law.
felonious criminal involving or being or having the nature of a crime; "a criminal offense"; "criminal abuse"; "felonious intent".
misappropriated embezzled taken for your own use in violation of a trust; "the banker absconded with embezzled funds".
readable decipherable clear5 easily deciphered.
unreadable undecipherable unclear indecipherable not easily deciphered; "indecipherable handwriting".
deciphered converted from cryptic to intelligible language.
true0 rightful lawful having a legally established claim; "the legitimate heir"; "the true and lawful king".
leptorrhinic leptorrhinian leptorrhine leptorhine having a long narrow nose.
like-minded of the same turn of mind.
suchlike of the same kind; "a locker that usually contained paper, ink, and suchlike equipment".
similar like alike having the same or similar characteristics; "all politicians are alike"; "they looked utterly alike"; "friends are generally alike in background and taste".
same like equal in amount or value; "like amounts"; "equivalent amounts"; "the same amount"; "gave one six blows and the other a like number"; "the same number".
likely has a good chance of being the case or of coming about; "these services are likely to be available to us all before long"; "she is likely to forget"; "a likely place for a restaurant"; "the broken limb is likely to fall"; "rain is likely"; "a likely topic for investigation"; "likely candidates for the job".
probable apparently destined; "the probable consequences of going ahead with the scheme".
promising showing possibility of achievement or excellence; "a promising young man".
implausible farfetched highly imaginative but unlikely; "a farfetched excuse"; "an implausible explanation".
presumptive having a reasonable basis for belief or acceptance; "the presumptive heir (or heir apparent)".
supposed mistakenly believed; "the supposed existence of ghosts".
heavy-limbed having heavy limbs.
sharp-limbed having sharp limbs.
bottomless having no apparent limits or bounds; "a bottomless supply of money"; "bottomless pockets".
bilinear linear with respect to each of two variables or positions.
explicit denotative in accordance with fact or the primary meaning of a term.
extended beyond the literal or primary sense; "`hot off the press' shows an extended sense of `hot'".
tropical characterized by or of the nature of a trope or tropes; changed from its literal sense.
literate versed in literature; dealing with literature.
literary knowledgeable about literature; "a literary style".
functionally_illiterate having reading and writing skills insufficient for ordinary practical needs.
semiliterate barely able to read and write; "an semiliterate scrawl".
liveable livable fit or suitable to live in or with; "livable conditions".
unexploded undischarged still capable of exploding or being fired; "undischarged ammunition"; "an unexploded bomb".
epidemic (especially of medicine) of disease or anything resembling a disease; attacking or affecting many individuals in a community or a population simultaneously; "an epidemic outbreak of influenza".
plaguey pestilential pestilent pestiferous likely to spread and cause an epidemic disease; "a pestilential malignancy in the air"- Jonathan Swift; "plaguey fevers".
endemical endemic of or relating to a disease (or anything resembling a disease) constantly present to greater or lesser extent in a particular locality; "diseases endemic to the tropics"; "endemic malaria"; "food shortages and starvation are endemic in certain parts of the world".
gloveless devoid of gloves.
legged having legs of a specified kind or number; "four-legged animals"; "a peg-legged man".
leglike resembling or functioning like a leg; "leglike appendages".
logical capable of or reflecting the capability for correct and valid reasoning; "a logical mind".
discursive dianoetic proceeding to a conclusion by reason or argument rather than intuition.
formal logically deductive; "formal proof".
ratiocinative based on exact thinking; "one's ratiocinative powers".
unlogical illogical lacking in correct logical relation.
absurd inconsistent with reason or logic or common sense; "the absurd predicament of seeming to argue that virtue is highly desirable but intensely unpleasant"- Walter Lippman.
visceral nonrational intuitive obtained through intuition rather than from reasoning or observation.
spread outspread fully extended in width; "outspread wings"; "with arms spread wide".
extendible extendable capable of being lengthened.
long-range suitable for or reaching long distances; "long-range nuclear capability".
long-snouted having a snout that is longer than average.
short-snouted having a snout that is shorter than average.
interminable eternal endless tiresomely long; seemingly without end; "endless debates"; "an endless conversation"; "the wait seemed eternal"; "eternal quarreling"; "an interminable sermon".
long-dated of a gilt-edged security; having more than 15 years to run before redemption.
long-life (of perishable goods) treated to stay fresh longer than usual; "long-life milk".
perennial lasting an indefinitely long time; suggesting self-renewal; "perennial happiness".
time-consuming of a task that takes time and patience.
momentary momentaneous fugitive fleeting lasting for a markedly brief time; "a fleeting glance"; "fugitive hours"; "rapid momentaneous association of things that meet and pass"; "a momentary glimpse".
short-dated of a gilt-edged security; having less than 5 years to run before redemption.
choky so tight as to tend to choke; "a choky collar".
tightly_fitting tightfitting tight_fitting tight-fitting skinny fitting snugly; "a tightly-fitting cover"; "tight-fitting clothes".
ruined destroyed destroyed physically or morally.
saved rescued; especially from the power and consequences of sin; "a saved soul".
salvageable capable of being saved from ruin; "their marriage was not salvageable".
loud characterized by or producing sound of great volume or intensity; "a group of loud children"; "loud thunder"; "her voice was too loud"; "loud trombones".
big loud and firm; "a big voice"; "big bold piano sounds".
clarion loud and clear; "a clarion call".
thundery thunderous earsplitting deafening loud enough to cause (temporary) hearing loss.
yelled shouted in a vehement outcry; "his shouted words of encouragement could be heard over the crowd noises".
softened muted muffled dull being or made softer or less loud or clear; "the dull boom of distant breaking waves"; "muffled drums"; "the muffled noises of the street"; "muted trumpets".
euphonious (of speech or dialect) pleasing in sound; not harsh or strident; "her euphonious Southern speech".
gentle quiet and soothing; "a gentle voice"; "a gentle nocturne".
subdued quiet muted hushed in a softened tone; "hushed voices"; "muted trumpets"; "a subdued whisper"; "a quiet reprimand".
plangent loud and resounding; "plangent bells"; "the plangent minority".
rich1 pleasantly full and mellow; "a rich tenor voice".
round rotund pear-shaped orotund (of sounds) full and rich; "orotund tones"; "the rotund and reverberating phrase"; "pear-shaped vowels".
loveable lovable having characteristics that attract love or affection; "a mischievous but lovable child".
lovely endearing adorable lovable especially in a childlike or naive way.
sweet seraphic cherubic angelical angelic having a sweet nature befitting an angel or cherub; "an angelic smile"; "a cherubic face"; "looking so seraphic when he slept"; "a sweet disposition".
cuddly cuddlesome inviting cuddling or hugging; "a cuddlesome baby"; "a cuddly teddybear".
liked found pleasant or attractive; often used as a combining form; "a well-liked teacher".
likeable likable easy to like; agreeable; "an attractive and likable young man".
loved held dear; "his loved companion of many years".
admired regarded with admiration.
worshipped idolized idolised adored regarded with deep or rapturous love (especially as if for a god); "adored grandchildren"; "an idolized wife".
dear darling beloved dearly loved.
white-haired fair-haired blue-eyed favorite; "the fair-haired boy of the literary set".
wanted treasured precious cherished characterized by feeling or showing fond affection for; "a cherished friend"; "children are precious"; "a treasured heirloom"; "so good to feel wanted".
preferred preferent pet favourite favorite favored best-loved preferred above all others and treated with partiality; "the favored child".
loving feeling or showing love and affection; "loving parents"; "loving glances".
fond doting adoring extravagantly or foolishly loving and indulgent; "adoring grandparents"; "deceiving her preoccupied and doting husband with a young captain"; "hopelessly spoiled by a fond mother".
warm tender lovesome fond affectionate having or displaying warmth or affection; "affectionate children"; "a fond embrace"; "fond of his nephew"; "a tender glance"; "a warm embrace".
amorous amative inclined toward or displaying love; "feeling amorous".
romantic amorous amatory expressive of or exciting sexual love or romance; "her amatory affairs"; "amorous glances"; "a romantic adventure"; "a romantic moonlight ride".
charmed captivated strongly attracted.
taken_with soft_on smitten potty infatuated in_love enamored marked by foolish or unreasoning fondness; "gaga over the rock group's new album"; "he was infatuated with her".
idolatrous blindly or excessively devoted or adoring.
loverly loverlike like or in the manner of a lover.
overfond excessively fond.
tenderhearted easily moved to love.
uxorious foolishly fond of or submissive to your wife.
uncaring unaffectionate detached lacking affection or warm feeling; "an uncaring person".
unromantic neither expressive of nor exciting sexual love or romance.
lucky having or bringing good fortune; "my lucky day"; "a lucky man".
serendipitous lucky in making unexpected and fortunate discoveries.
dramatic used of a singer or singing voice that is marked by power and expressiveness and a histrionic or theatrical style; "a dramatic tenor"; "a dramatic soprano".
attractable capable of being magnetized or attracted by a magnet; "the magnetic chips of steel produced by a cutting tool are attractable by a magnet".
magnetic capable of being magnetized.
minor lesser in scope or effect; "had minor differences"; "a minor disturbance".
major of greater importance or stature or rank; "a major artist"; "a major role"; "major highways".
stellar starring star prima leading indicating the most important performer or role; "the leading man"; "prima ballerina"; "prima donna"; "a star figure skater"; "the starring role"; "a stellar role"; "a stellar performance".
peanut insignificant of little importance or influence or power; of minor status; "a minor, insignificant bureaucrat"; "peanut politicians".
majuscular of the nature of a majuscule or written in majuscules.
manageable capable of being managed or controlled.
administrable capable of being administered or managed.
governable controllable capable of being controlled.
directed manageable by a supervising agent; "a directed program of study".
steerable dirigible capable of being steered or directed.
unruly ungovernable uncontrollable indocile of persons; "the little boy's parents think he is spirited, but his teacher finds him unruly".
manly manlike manful possessing qualities befitting a man.
man-sized calling for the strength of a man; "a man-sized job".
sissyish sissy sissified epicene emasculate effeminate cissy having unsuitable feminine qualities.
staminate antheral capable of fertilizing female organs.
priapic phallic resembling or being a phallus; "a phallic symbol"; "phallic eroticism"; "priapic figurines".
young-begetting capable of fathering offspring.
young-bearing egg-producing capable of producing eggs and bearing offspring.
epicene bisexual having an ambiguous sexual identity.
starred asterisked marked with an asterisk; "the starred items".
branded marked with a brand; "branded cattle"; "branded criminal".
ringed wearing a wedding ring; lawfully married; "a ringed wife"- Tennyson.
divorced of someone whose marriage has been legally dissolved.
mated mated sexually.
paired mated sexually.
macho butch used of men; markedly masculine in appearance or manner.
maidenly maidenlike befitting or characteristic of a maiden; "a maidenly blush".
tomboyish hoydenish used of girls; wild and boisterous.
matched going well together; possessing harmonizing qualities.
paired mated used of gloves, socks, etc..
crucial having crucial relevance; "crucial to the case"; "relevant testimony".
mature having reached full natural growth or development; "a mature cell".
efflorescent abloom bursting into flower; "flowering spring trees".
fruiting capable of bearing fruit.
matured full-blown fully ripe; at the height of bloom; "a full-blown rose".
prime meridian being at the best stage of development; "our manhood's prime vigor"- Robert Browning.
mellowed mellow having attained to kindliness or gentleness through age and experience; "mellow wisdom"; "the peace of mellow age".
ripe at the highest point of development especially in judgment or knowledge; "a ripe mind".
ripe mature fully developed or matured and ready to be eaten or used; "ripe peaches"; "full-bodied mature wines".
ripened aged of wines, fruit, cheeses; having reached a desired or final condition; (`aged' pronounced as one syllable); "mature well-aged cheeses".
mellowed mellow having a full and pleasing flavor through proper aging; "a mellow port"; "mellowed fruit".
overripe too ripe and beginning to turn soft.
seasoned aged or processed; "seasoned wood".
maximum maximal the greatest or most complete or best possible; "maximal expansion"; "maximum pressure".
supreme greatest or maximal in degree; extreme; "supreme folly".
marginal borderline of questionable or minimal quality; "borderline grades"; "marginal writing ability".
stripped-down stripped having only essential or minimal features; "a stripped new car"; "a stripped-down budget".
meaningful having a meaning or purpose; "a meaningful explanation"; "a meaningful discussion"; "a meaningful pause".
significant pregnant meaning rich in significance or implication; "a meaning look".
vacuous hollow empty devoid of significance or point; "empty promises"; "a hollow victory"; "vacuous comments".
insignificant signifying nothing; "insignificant sounds".
nonsensical nonsense having no intelligible meaning; "nonsense syllables"; "a nonsensical jumble of words".
unmechanized unmechanised not mechanized; "production of furniture remained largely unmechanized"- Gordon Russell.
musical melodious melodic containing or constituting or characterized by pleasing melody; "the melodious song of a meadowlark".
sweet mellisonant mellifluous honeyed dulcet pleasing to the ear; "the dulcet tones of the cello".
lyrical suitable for or suggestive of singing.
tuneful melodious having a musical sound; especially a pleasing tune.
chanted sung or uttered rhythmically in a monotone; "a chanted psalm".
liquid smooth and flowing in quality; entirely free of harshness; "the liquid song of a robin".
singable suitable for singing; "singable melody is the essence of music"- Winthrop Sargeant.
musical talented in or devoted to music; "comes from a very musical family".
fusible capable of being melted and fused.
merciful showing or giving mercy; "sought merciful treatment for the captives"; "a merciful god".
unmerciful merciless having or showing no mercy; "the merciless enemy"; "a merciless critic"; "gave him a merciless beating".
mild-mannered behaving in or having a mild or gentle manner.
concentrated intensely focused; "her concentrated passion held them at bay".
keen exquisite intense or sharp; "suffered exquisite pain"; "felt exquisite pleasure".
intensive characterized by a high degree or intensity; often used as a combining form; "the questioning was intensive"; "intensive care"; "research-intensive"; "a labor-intensive industry".
unabated continuing at full strength or intensity; "the winds are unabated"; "the popularity of his books among young people continued unabated".
up_to_your_neck up_to_their_necks up_to_our_necks up_to_my_neck up_to_his_neck up_to_her_neck neck-deep deeply involved; "neck-deep in work"; "up to their necks in debt".
civil applying to ordinary citizens as contrasted with the military; "civil authorities".
warriorlike soldierly soldierlike martial (of persons) befitting a warrior; "a military bearing".
utter unadulterated thoroughgoing stark staring sodding pure perfect gross everlasting double-dyed consummate complete arrant without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers; "an arrant fool"; "a complete coward"; "a consummate fool"; "a double-dyed villain"; "gross negligence"; "a perfect idiot"; "pure folly"; "what a sodding mess"; "stark staring mad"; "a thoroughgoing villain"; "utter nonsense"; "the unadulterated truth".
manoeuvrable maneuverable capable of maneuvering or changing position; "a highly maneuverable ship".
motile (of spores or microorganisms) capable of movement.
transportable transferrable transferable moveable movable capable of being moved or conveyed from one place to another.
raiseable raisable capable of being raised; "the roadster had a raisable sunroof".
rangy adapted to wandering or roaming.
rotatable capable of being rotated; "the theater had a rotatable stage".
transplantable capable of being transplanted.
portable easily or conveniently transported; "a portable television set".
man-portable portable by one man.
removable capable of being removed or taken away or dismissed; "a removable cord"; "removable partitions".
extractible extractable capable of being extracted.
argentiferous containing or yielding silver; "argentiferous ore".
tinny thin and metallic in sound; lacking resonance; "an unpleasant tinny voice".
metamorphic characterized by metamorphosis or change in physical form or substance.
holometabolous holometabolic (of an insect) undergoing complete metamorphosis.
conservative cautious avoiding excess; "a conservative estimate".
abnormal much greater than the normal; "abnormal profits"; "abnormal ambition".
overstated overdone exaggerated represented as greater than is true or reasonable; "an exaggerated opinion of oneself".
extreme beyond a norm in views or actions; "an extreme conservative"; "an extreme liberal"; "extreme views on integration"; "extreme opinions".
far beyond a norm in opinion or actions; "the far right".
stark complete or extreme; "stark poverty"; "a stark contrast".
victorian typical of the moral standards or conduct of the age of Queen Victoria.
overmodest demure coy affectedly modest or shy especially in a playful or provocative way.
decent observing conventional sexual mores in speech or behavior or dress; "a modest neckline in her dress"; "though one of her shoulder straps had slipped down, she was perfectly decent by current standards".
immodest offending against sexual mores in conduct or appearance.
indecent offending against sexual mores in conduct or appearance; "a bathing suit considered indecent by local standards".
modest marked by simplicity; having a humble opinion of yourself; "a modest apartment"; "too modest to wear his medals".
immodest having or showing an exaggerated opinion of your importance, ability, etc; "brash immodest boasting".
important having or suggesting a consciousness of high position; "recited the decree with an important air"; "took long important strides in the direction of his office".
modulated changed or adjusted in pitch, tone, or volume.
unmodulated characterized by lack of variation in pitch, tone, or volume; "he lectured in an unmodulated voice edged with hysteria".
polyvalent multivalent having more than one valence, or having a valence of 3 or higher.
monovalent containing only one kind of antibody.
polyvalent containing several antibodies each capable of counteracting a specific antigen; "a polyvalent vaccine".
moral concerned with principles of right and wrong or conforming to standards of behavior and character based on those principles; "moral sense"; "a moral scrutiny"; "a moral lesson"; "a moral quandary"; "moral convictions"; "a moral life".
chaste abstaining from unlawful sexual intercourse.
clean-living clean0 morally pure; "led a clean life".
moralistic narrowly and conventionally moral.
righteous morally justified; "righteous indignation".
incorrupt free of corruption or immorality.
licit sanctioned by custom or morality especially sexual morality; "a wife's licit love".
principled based on or manifesting objectively defined standards of rightness or morality; "principled pragmatism and unprincipled expediency"; "a principled person".
high-principled having high principles.
galore in great numbers; "daffodils galore".
deific characterized by divine or godlike nature.
impelled driven urged or forced to action through moral pressure; "felt impelled to take a stand against the issue".
moving arousing or capable of arousing deep emotion; "she laid her case of destitution before him in a very moving letter"- N. Hawthorne.
touching poignant affecting arousing affect; "the homecoming of the released hostages was an affecting scene"; "poignant grief cannot endure forever"; "his gratitude was simple and touching".
heartwarming causing gladness and pleasure; "Is there a sight more heartwarming than a family reunion?".
stirring soul-stirring exciting strong but not unpleasant emotions; "a stirring speech".
kinetic characterized by motion; "modern dance has been called kinetic pantomime".
mobile having transportation available.
stock-still rooted frozen absolutely still; "frozen with horror"; "they stood rooted in astonishment".
new-mown newly mown.
seamanly seamanlike characteristic of or befitting a seaman; indicating competent seamanship.
lubberly landlubberly inexperienced in seamanship; "of all landlubbers the most lubberly".
internationalistic internationalist influenced by or advocating internationalism.
natural in accordance with nature; relating to or concerning nature; "a very natural development"; "our natural environment"; "natural science"; "natural resources"; "natural cliffs"; "natural phenomena".
miraculous marvelous marvellous being or having the character of a miracle.
talismanic possessing or believed to possess magic power especially protective power; "a talismanic amulet".
crowning representing a level of the highest possible achievement or attainment; "the crowning accomplishment of his career".
necessary absolutely essential.
indispensable essential absolutely necessary; vitally necessary; "essential tools and materials"; "funds essential to the completion of the project"; "an indispensable worker".
incumbent necessary (for someone) as a duty or responsibility; morally binding; "it is incumbent on them to pay their own debts".
requisite required needful needed necessary for relief or supply; "provided them with all things needful".
obligatory required by obligation or compulsion or convention; "he made all the obligatory apologies".
inessential not absolutely necessary.
obsessive obsessional characterized by or constituting an obsession; "the obsessional character of his response"; "obsessive gambling".
obsessive-compulsive characterized by obsessions and compulsions; "obsessive-compulsive neurosis".
together mentally and emotionally stable; "she's really together".
nice pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; "what a nice fellow you are and we all thought you so nasty"- George Meredith; "nice manners"; "a nice dress"; "a nice face"; "a nice day"; "had a nice time at the party"; "the corn and tomatoes are nice today".
good agreeable or pleasing; "we all had a good time"; "good manners".
pleasant (of persons) having pleasing manners or behavior; "I didn't enjoy it and probably wasn't a pleasant person to be around".
noble having or showing or indicative of high or elevated character; "a noble spirit"; "noble deeds".
ennobling dignifying investing with dignity or honor; "the dignifying effect of his presence"; "the ennobling influence of cultural surroundings".
sublime rarified rarefied noble-minded lofty idealistic high-minded high-flown grand exalted elevated of high moral or intellectual value; elevated in nature or style; "an exalted ideal"; "argue in terms of high-flown ideals"- Oliver Franks; "a noble and lofty concept"; "a grand purpose".
magnanimous greathearted noble and generous in spirit; "a greathearted general"; "a magnanimous conqueror".
meanspirited mean base having or showing an ignoble lack of honor or morality; "that liberal obedience without which your army would be a base rabble"- Edmund Burke; "taking a mean advantage"; "chok'd with ambition of the meaner sort"- Shakespeare; "something essentially vulgar and meanspirited in politics".
royal regal purple majestic imperial belonging to or befitting a supreme ruler; "golden age of imperial splendor"; "purple tyrant"; "regal attire"; "treated with royal acclaim"; "the royal carriage of a stag's head".
kingly kinglike having the rank of or resembling or befitting a king; "symbolizing kingly power"; "the murder of his kingly guest".
monarchical monarchal having the characteristics of or befitting or worthy of a monarch; "monarchical gestures"; "monarchal pomp".
queenly queenlike having the rank of or resembling or befitting a queen; "queenly propriety"; "clad in her queenly raiment"; "Rosetti's queenly portraits of women".
royal being of the rank of a monarch; "of royal ancestry"; "princes of the blood royal".
typical conforming to a type; "the typical (or normal) American"; "typical teenage behavior".
deviate deviant aberrant markedly different from an accepted norm; "aberrant behavior"; "deviant ideas".
defective markedly subnormal in structure or function or intelligence or behavior; "defective speech".
perverted kinky (used of sexual behavior) showing or appealing to bizarre or deviant tastes; "kinky sex"; "perverted practices".
normal being approximately average or within certain limits in e.g. intelligence and development; "a perfectly normal child"; "of normal intelligence"; "the most normal person I've ever met".
hypertensive having abnormally high blood pressure.
nosed having a nose (either literal or metaphoric) especially of a specified kind.
snub-nosed short-nosed pug-nosed pug-nose having a blunt nose; "a pug-nosed boy with freckles"; "a snub-nosed automatic".
noticed being perceived or observed; "an easily noticed effect on the rate of growth".
detected perceived with the mind; "he winced at the detected flicker of irony in her voice".
detected perceived or discerned; "the detected micrometeoritic material".
heard detected or perceived by the sense of hearing; "a conversation heard through the wall".
obedient dutifully complying with the commands or instructions of those in authority; "an obedient soldier"; "obedient children"; "a little man obedient to his wife"; "the obedient colonies...are heavily taxed; the refractory remain unburdened"- Edmund Burke.
biddable acquiescent willing to carry out the orders or wishes of another without protest; "too acquiescent to challenge authority".
conformable quick to comply; "I have been to you a true and humble wife, at all times to your will conformable"-Shakespeare.
dutiful duteous willingly obedient out of a sense of duty and respect; "a dutiful child"; "a dutiful citizen"; "Patient Griselda was a chaste and duteous wife";.
objective nonsubjective undistorted by emotion or personal bias; based on observable phenomena; "an objective appraisal"; "objective evidence".
neutral impersonal having no personal preference; "impersonal criticism"; "a neutral observer".
verifiable capable of being verified; "a verifiable account of the incident".
beholden under a moral obligation to someone.
obliged duty-bound under a moral obligation to do something.
indebted owing gratitude or recognition to another for help or favors etc.
supposed required or under orders; "I'm supposed to be there at ten"; "he was supposed to go to the store".
tributary paying tribute; "a tributary colony".
unbeholden free of moral obligation.
obvious easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind; "obvious errors".
unmistakable plain patent manifest evident apparent clearly revealed to the mind or the senses or judgment; "the effects of the drought are apparent to anyone who sees the parched fields"; "evident hostility"; "manifest disapproval"; "patent advantages"; "made his meaning plain"; "it is plain that he is no reactionary"; "in plain view".
provable demonstrable capable of being demonstrated or proved; "obvious lies"; "a demonstrable lack of concern for the general welfare"; "practical truth provable to all men"- Walter Bagehot.
frank clearly manifest; evident; "frank enjoyment".
open-and-shut so obvious as to be easily solved or decided; "an open-and-shut case".
self-explanatory needing no explanation.
transparent easily understood or seen through (because of a lack of subtlety); "a transparent explanation"; "a transparent lie".
writ_large made more obvious or prominent; "the effect of...his irregular life could be seen writ large on his gaunt features".
unapparent not readily apparent; "the answer was at first unapparent".
plugged blocked completely obstructed or closed off; "the storm was responsible for many blocked roads and bridges"; "the drain was plugged".
stalemated deadlocked at a complete standstill because of opposition of two unrelenting forces or factions; "the chess game ended with white stalemated"; "the two factions are deadlocked over fringe benefits".
unobstructed free from impediment or obstruction or hindrance; "an unobstructed view".
open9 clear affording free passage or view; "a clear view"; "a clear path to victory"; "open waters"; "the open countryside".
patent (of a bodily tube or passageway) open; affording free passage; "patent ductus arteriosus".
unclogged freed of obstructions; "an unclogged drain".
inoffensive giving no offense; "a quiet inoffensive man"; "a refreshing inoffensive stimulant".
savoury savory morally wholesome or acceptable; "a past that was scarcely savory".
attacking assaultive disposed to attack.
raiding predatory marauding characterized by plundering or pillaging or marauding; "bands of marauding Indians"; "predatory warfare"; "a raiding party".
on_the_offensive actively attacking.
sinning transgressing a moral or divine law; "if it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most sinning soul alive"- Shakespeare.
ex_officio by virtue of an office or position; "the head of the department serves as an ex officio member of the board".
confirmed having been established or made firm or received the rite of confirmation; "confirmed reservations"; "received confirmed reports of casualties"; "a confirmed Catholic".
legitimate in accordance with recognized or accepted standards or principles; "legitimate advertising practices".
recognized recognised provided with a secure reputation; "a recognized authority".
new not of long duration; having just (or relatively recently) come into being or been made or acquired or discovered; "a new law"; "new cars"; "a new comet"; "a new friend"; "a new year"; "the New World".
spick-and-span spic-and-span brand-new bran-new conspicuously new; "shiny brand-new shoes"; "a spick-and-span novelty".
newborn new-sprung having just or recently arisen or come into existence; "new nations"; "with newborn fears".
newfound newly discovered; "his newfound aggressiveness"; "Hudson pointed his ship down the coast of the newfound sea".
refreshing novel pleasantly new or different; "common sense of a most refreshing sort".
revolutionary radical markedly new or introducing radical change; "a revolutionary discovery"; "radical political views".
rising newly come into prominence; "a rising young politician".
unused not yet put into use; "we bought an unused car for a change".
old (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age; "his mother is very old"; "a ripe old age"; "how old are you?".
senior older elderly aged advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as two syllables); "aged members of the society"; "elderly residents could remember the construction of the first skyscraper"; "senior citizen".
of_age aged having attained a specific age; (`aged' is pronounced as one syllable); "aged ten"; "ten years of age".
centenarian being at least 100 years old.
senile gaga doddery doddering mentally or physically infirm with age; "his mother was doddering and frail".
emeritus honorably retired from assigned duties and retaining your title along with the additional title `emeritus' as in `professor emeritus'.
white-haired hoary hoar grizzly grey-headed grey-haired grey gray-headed gray-haired gray showing characteristics of age, especially having grey or white hair; "whose beard with age is hoar"-Coleridge; "nodded his hoary head".
middle-aged being roughly between 45 and 65 years old.
nonagenarian being from 90 to 99 years old; "the nonagenarian inhabitants of the nursing home".
octogenarian being from 80 to 89 years old.
oldish somewhat elderly.
superannuated overaged overage over-the-hill too old to be useful; "He left the house...for the support of twelve superannuated wool carders"- Anthony Trollope.
sexagenarian being from 60 to 69 years old; "the sexagenarian population is growing".
venerable impressive by reason of age; "a venerable sage with white hair and beard".
two-year-old two years of age.
three-year-old three years of age.
four-year-old four years of age.
teenaged teenage teen adolescent being of the age 13 through 19; "teenage mothers"; "the teen years".
youthful young vernal suggestive of youth; vigorous and fresh; "he is young for his age".
open affording free passage or access; "open drains"; "the road is open to traffic"; "open ranks".
squinting squinched having eyes half closed in order to see better; "squinched eyes".
embedded enclosed firmly in a surrounding mass; "found pebbles embedded in the silt"; "stone containing many embedded fossils"; "peach and plum seeds embedded in a sweet edible pulp".
effective ready for service; "the fort was held by about 100 effective soldiers".
opportune suitable or at a time that is suitable or advantageous especially for a particular purpose; "an opportune place to make camp"; "an opportune arrival".
ripe right3 good2 most suitable or right for a particular purpose; "a good time to plant tomatoes"; "the right time to act"; "the time is ripe for great sociological changes".
opposable apposable capable of being placed opposite to something; "the thumb is opposable to the forefinger".
optimistic expecting the best in this best of all possible worlds; "in an optimistic mood"; "optimistic plans"; "took an optimistic view".
bullish expecting a rise in prices.
upbeat pollyannaish cheerful pleasantly (even unrealistically) optimistic.
rosy rose-colored reflecting optimism; "a rosy future"; "looked at the world through rose-colored glasses".
starry-eyed unrealistically or naively optimistic; "a starry-eyed reformer"; "starry-eyed idealism".
sanguine confidently optimistic and cheerful.
disheartened discouraged demoralized demoralised made less hopeful or enthusiastic; "desperate demoralized people looking for work"; "felt discouraged by the magnitude of the problem"; "the disheartened instructor tried vainly to arouse their interest".
rowdy raucous disturbing the public peace; loud and rough; "a raucous party"; "rowdy teenagers".
progressive (of a card game or a dance) involving a series of sections for which the participants successively change place or relative position; "progressive euchre"; "progressive tournaments".
well-conducted characterized by good organization and control; "a well-conducted meeting".
snafu fucked-up snarled or stalled in complete confusion; "situation normal--all fucked-up".
uncoordinated lacking in cooperative planning and organization ; "uncoordinated scheduling often resulted in conflicting games".
unstructured lacking definite structure or organization; "an unstructured situation with no one in authority"; "a neighborhood gang with a relatively unstructured system"; "children in an unstructured environment often feel insecure"; "unstructured inkblots".
banausic (formal) ordinary and not refined; "he felt contempt for all banausic occupations".
nondescript characterless lacking distinct or individual characteristics; dull and uninteresting; "women dressed in nondescript clothes"; "a nondescript novel".
commonplace completely ordinary and unremarkable; "air travel has now become commonplace"; "commonplace everyday activities".
workaday unremarkable routine quotidian mundane everyday found in the ordinary course of events; "a placid everyday scene"; "it was a routine day"; "there's nothing quite like a real...train conductor to add color to a quotidian commute"- Anita Diamant.
so-so indifferent being neither good nor bad; "an indifferent performance"; "a gifted painter but an indifferent actor"; "her work at the office is passable"; "a so-so golfer"; "feeling only so-so"; "prepared a tolerable dinner"; "a tolerable working knowledge of French".
extraordinary beyond what is ordinary or usual; highly unusual or exceptional or remarkable; "extraordinary authority"; "an extraordinary achievement"; "her extraordinary beauty"; "enjoyed extraordinary popularity"; "an extraordinary capacity for work"; "an extraordinary session of the legislature".
bonzer remarkable or wonderful.
surpassing prodigious olympian exceptional exceeding far beyond what is usual in magnitude or degree; "a night of exceeding darkness"; "an exceptional memory"; "olympian efforts to save the city from bankruptcy"; "the young Mozart's prodigious talents".
wondrous wonderful tremendous terrific rattling marvelous marvellous howling grand fantastic extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as intensifiers; "a fantastic trip to the Orient"; "the film was fantastic!"; "a howling success"; "a marvelous collection of rare books"; "had a rattling conversation about politics"; "a tremendous achievement".
phenomenal exceedingly or unbelievably great; "the bomb did fantastic damage"; "Samson is supposed to have had fantastic strength"; "phenomenaRl feats of memory".
great remarkable or out of the ordinary in degree or magnitude or effect; "a great crisis"; "had a great stake in the outcome".
one used informally as an intensifier; "that is one fine dog".
uncanny preternatural surpassing the ordinary or normal; "Beyond his preternatural affability there is some acid and some steel" - George Will; "his uncanny sense of direction".
uncommon rare marked by an uncommon quality; especially superlative or extreme of its kind; "what is so rare as a day in June"-J.R.Lowell; "a rare skill"; "an uncommon sense of humor"; "she was kind to an uncommon degree".
some remarkable; "that was some party"; "she is some skier".
wonderworking performing or able to perform wonders or miracles.
disoriented anomic alienated socially disoriented; "anomic loners musing over their fate"; "we live in an age of rootless alienated people".
original being or productive of something fresh and unusual; or being as first made or thought of; "a truly original approach"; "with original music"; "an original mind".
daring avant-garde radically new or original; "an avant-garde theater piece".
novel new fresh original and of a kind not seen before; "the computer produced a completely novel proof of a well-known theorem".
innovative innovational groundbreaking being or producing something like nothing done or experienced or created before; "stylistically innovative works"; "innovative members of the artistic community"; "a mind so innovational, so original".
newfangled new (of a new kind or fashion) gratuitously new; "newfangled ideas"; "she buys all these new-fangled machines and never uses them".
orthodox adhering to what is commonly accepted; "an orthodox view of the world".
conformist conforming adhering to established customs or doctrines (especially in religion).
established conventional conforming with accepted standards; "a conventional view of the world".
heterodox heretical dissident characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards.
iconoclastic characterized by attack on established beliefs or institutions.
outside outdoor out-of-door located, suited for, or taking place in the open air; "outdoor clothes"; "badminton and other outdoor games"; "a beautiful outdoor setting for the wedding".
outdoorsy characteristic of or suitable to outdoor life; "a rugged outdoorsy life".
indoor located, suited for, or taking place within a building; "indoor activities for a rainy day"; "an indoor pool".
white snowy marked by the presence of snow; "a white Christmas"; "the white hills of a northern winter".
naked lacking any cover; "naked branches of the trees"; "lie on the naked rock".
foliate (often used as a combining form) having or resembling a leaf or having a specified kind or number of leaves; "`foliate' is combined with the prefix `tri' to form the word `trifoliate'".
foliolate (often used as a combining form) having leaflets (compound leaves) or a specified kind or number of leaflets; "`foliolate' is combined with the prefix `bi' to form the word `bifoliolate'".
pinnate-leaved pinnate-leafed having pinnate leaves.
silvery-leaved silvery-leafed silver-leaved silver-leafed having silvery leaves.
spiny-leaved spiny-leafed having spiny leaves.
unifoliate having a single leaf.
lipped having a lip or lips; "a lipped bowl"; "a virgin purest lipped"- John Keats.
raw naked devoid of elaboration or diminution or concealment; bare and pure; "naked ambition"; "raw fury"; "you may kill someone someday with your raw power".
undisguised plain to see; "undisguised curiosity".
visible obvious to the eye; "a visible change of expression".
furtive backstairs backstair secret and sly or sordid; "backstairs gossip"; "his low backstairs cunning"- A.L.Guerard; "backstairs intimacies"; "furtive behavior".
secret indulging only covertly; "a secret alcoholic".
secret communicated covertly; "their secret signal was a wink"; "secret messages".
under-the-table sub-rosa behind-the-scenes designed and carried out secretly or confidentially; "a sub-rosa report"; "has their under-the-table backing".
paid marked by the reception of pay; "paid work"; "a paid official"; "a paid announcement"; "a paid check".
stipendiary salaried remunerated compensated receiving or eligible for compensation; "salaried workers"; "a stipendiary magistrate".
buckshee free of charge; "if they deposit these shares in the scheme they will get further buckshee shares on a one-for-one basis"- Economist.
pro_bono done for the public good without compensation.
unpainful pain-free not accompanied by pain sensations; "pain-free surgery".
represented delineated delineate represented accurately or precisely.
toothsome palatable acceptable to the taste or mind; "palatable food"; "a palatable solution to the problem".
tangible palpable capable of being perceived; especially capable of being handled or touched or felt; "a barely palpable dust"; "felt sudden anger in a palpable wave"; "the air was warm and close--palpable as cotton"; "a palpable lie".
perceptible easily perceived by the senses or grasped by the mind; "a perceptible sense of expectation in the court".
impalpable imperceptible to the senses or the mind; "an impalpable cloud"; "impalpable shadows"; "impalpable distinctions"; "as impalpable as a dream".
subtle elusive difficult to detect or grasp by the mind or analyze; "his whole attitude had undergone a subtle change"; "a subtle difference"; "that elusive thing the soul".
oblique-angled having oblique angles.
pardonable admitting of being pardoned.
venial forgivable excusable easily excused or forgiven; "a venial error".
expiable capable of being atoned for.
excusable capable of being overlooked.
justifiable capable of being justified.
partial showing favoritism.
impartial showing lack of favoritism; "the cold neutrality of an impartial judge".
disinterested unaffected by self-interest.
dispassionate cold-eyed unaffected by strong emotion or prejudice; "a journalist should be a dispassionate reporter of fact".
navigable able to be sailed on or through safely; "navigable waters"; "a navigable channel".
negotiable capable of being passed or negotiated; "a negotiable road".
surmountable climbable capable of being surmounted.
unpassable impassable incapable of being passed.
unsurmountable unclimbable incapable of being surmounted or climbed.
unnavigable incapable of being navigated.
aroused aflame ablaze keenly excited (especially sexually) or indicating excitement; "his face all ablaze with excitement"- Bram Stoker; "he was aflame with desire".
choleric easily moved to anger; "men of the choleric type take to kicking and smashing"- H.G.Wells.
demon-ridden as if possessed by demons.
lusty lustful concupiscent vigorously passionate.
wild in a state of extreme emotion; "wild with anger"; "wild with grief".
platonic free from physical desire; "platonic love".
unimpassioned free from emotional appeal; marked by reasonableness; "answered with an unimpassioned defense"; "the unimpassioned intellect".
in_store in readiness; awaiting; "gave us a hint of the excitement that was in store for us".
fatherly fatherlike like or befitting a father or fatherhood; kind and protective.
paternalistic benevolent but sometimes intrusive.
maternalistic showing maternal instincts.
patient enduring trying circumstances with even temper or characterized by such endurance; "a patient smile"; "was patient with the children"; "an exact and patient scientist"; "please be patient".
persevering diligent quietly and steadily persevering especially in detail or exactness; "a diligent (or patient) worker"; "with persevering (or patient) industry she revived the failing business".
longanimous forbearing showing patient and unruffled self-control and restraint under adversity; slow to retaliate or express resentment; "seemly and forbearing...yet strong enough to resist aggression"; "was longanimous in the face of suffering".
tolerant patient_of showing the capacity for endurance; "injustice can make us tolerant and forgiving"; "a man patient of distractions".
unhurried capable of accepting delay with equanimity; "was unhurried with the small children".
made-up having been paved.
sealed having been paved.
patriotic loyal inspired by love for your country.
ultranationalistic superpatriotic nationalistic jingoistic flag-waving chauvinistic fanatically patriotic.
unpatriotic disloyal showing lack of love for your country.
peaceful peaceable not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war; "a peaceful nation"; "peaceful times"; "a far from peaceful Christmas"; "peaceful sleep".
halcyon idyllically calm and peaceful; suggesting happy tranquillity; "a halcyon atmosphere".
irenic conducive to peace; "irenic without being namby-pamby"; "an irenic attitude toward former antagonists".
peaceable pacific disposed to peace or of a peaceful nature; "the pacific temper seeks to settle disputes on grounds of justice rather than by force"; "a quiet and peaceable person"; "in a peaceable and orderly manner".
peaceable peace-loving inclined or disposed to peace; "they met in a peaceable spirit"; "peace-loving citizens".
penitentiary penitential showing or constituting penance; "penitential tears"; "wrote a penitential letter apologizing for her hasty words".
perceptive having the ability to perceive or understand; keen in discernment; "a perceptive eye"; "a perceptive observation".
sharp piercing penetrative penetrating knifelike keen incisive discriminating acute having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions; "an acute observer of politics and politicians"; "incisive comments"; "icy knifelike reasoning"; "as sharp and incisive as the stroke of a fang"; "penetrating insight"; "frequent penetrative observations".
discerning apprehensive quick to understand; "a kind and apprehensive friend"- Nathaniel Hawthorne.
insightful exhibiting insight or clear and deep perception; "an insightful parent"; "the chapter is insightful and suggestive of new perspectives"-R.C.Angell.
observing observant quick to notice; showing quick and keen perception.
understanding characterized by understanding based on comprehension and discernment and empathy; "an understanding friend".
perceptible capable of being perceived by the mind or senses; "a perceptible limp"; "easily perceptible sounds"; "perceptible changes in behavior".
noticeable detectable capable of being detected; "after a noticeable pause the lecturer continued".
discernible capable of being perceived clearly; "an essay with a meaning that was not always discernible".
palpable can be felt by palpation; "a palpable tumor".
perceivable capable of being perceived especially by sight or hearing; "perceivable through the mist".
recognizable easily perceived; easy to become aware of; "this situation produces recognizable stress symptoms".
sensible readily perceived by the senses; "the sensible universe"; "a sensible odor".
undetectable insensible indiscernible barely able to be perceived; "the transition was almost indiscernible"; "an almost insensible change".
subliminal below the threshold of conscious perception.
perfect being complete of its kind and without defect or blemish; "a perfect circle"; "a perfect reproduction"; "perfect happiness"; "perfect manners"; "a perfect specimen"; "a perfect day".
clear3 free from flaw or blemish or impurity; "a clear perfect diamond"; "the clear complexion of a healthy young woman".
cold marked by errorless familiarity; "had her lines cold before rehearsals started".
consummate complete perfect and complete in every respect; having all necessary qualities; "a complete gentleman"; "consummate happiness"; "a consummate performance".
mastered down_pat down understood perfectly; "had his algebra problems down".
errorless free from error; "an errorless baseball game".
ideal conforming to an ultimate standard of perfection or excellence; embodying an ideal.
idealized idealised exalted to an ideal perfection or excellence.
idyllic excellent and delightful in all respects; "an idyllic spot for a picnic".
mint as if new; "in mint condition".
perfectible capable of becoming or being made perfect.
pluperfect more than perfect; "he spoke with pluperfect precision".
flawed blemished having a blemish or flaw; "a flawed diamond"; "an irregular pair of jeans".
faulty defective having a defect; "I returned the appliance because it was defective".
imperfectible capable of being made imperfect.
biodegradable capable of being decomposed by e.g. bacteria; "a biodegradable detergent".
imperishable enduring abiding unceasing; "an abiding belief"; "imperishable truths".
unending unceasing perpetual everlasting eternal eonian ageless aeonian continuing forever or indefinitely; "the ageless themes of love and revenge"; "eternal truths"; "life everlasting"; "hell's perpetual fires"; "the unending bliss of heaven".
temporary impermanent not permanent; not lasting; "politics is an impermanent factor of life"- James Thurber; "impermanent palm cottages"; "a temperary arrangement"; "temporary housing".
acting serving temporarily especially as a substitute; "the acting president".
fly-by-night ephemeral; "the symphony is no fly-by-night venture".
makeshift jury-rigged improvised done or made using whatever is available; "crossed the river on improvised bridges"; "the survivors used jury-rigged fishing gear"; "the rock served as a makeshift hammer".
reversible capable of reversing or being reversed; "reversible hypertension".
correctable capable of being returned to the original condition; not necessarily permanent; "a correctable image".
rechargeable capable of being recharged; "a rechargeable battery".
two-sided reversible capable of being reversed or used with either side out; "a reversible jacket".
revokable revocable capable of being revoked or annulled; "a revocable order".
voidable rescindable capable of being rescinded or voided; "the judgment was rescindable"; "voidable contracts".
reversible capable of being reversed; "a reversible decision is one that can be appealed or vacated".
permissible that may be accepted or conceded; "a kind of speculation that was permissible in cosmology but inadmissible in medicine".
soft2 lenient indulgent tolerant or lenient; "indulgent parents risk spoiling their children"; "too soft on the children"; "they are soft on crime".
bailable admitting of bail; "a bailable offense".
thwarting frustrative frustrating preventing realization or attainment of a desire.
preclusive obviating made impossible.
ad_hominem appealing to personal considerations (rather than to fact or reason); "ad hominem arguments".
compelling tending to persuade by forcefulness of argument; "new and compelling evidence".
fast resistant to destruction or fading; "fast colors".
greaseproof resistant to penetration by grease or oil or wax; "greaseproof wrapping paper".
runproof run-resistant ladder-proof (of hosiery) resistant to runs or (in Britain) ladders.
puncturable capable of being punctured.
self-sealing capable of sealing itself as after being pierced; "self-sealing tires".
hallucinogenic capable of producing hallucinations; "LSD is a powerful hallucinogenic drug".
mind-expanding (of hallucinogenic drugs) giving a sense of heightened or broader awareness.
mind-blowing mind-bending intensely affecting the mind especially in producing hallucinations.
sensual fleshly carnal animal marked by the appetites and passions of the body; "animal instincts"; "carnal knowledge"; "fleshly desire"; "a sensual delight in eating"; "music is the only sensual pleasure without vice".
material concerned with or affecting physical as distinct from intellectual or psychological well-being; "material needs"; "the moral and material welfare of all good citizens"- T.Roosevelt.
physiological physiologic of or consistent with an organism's normal functioning; "physiologic functions"; "physiological processes".
somatogenic somatogenetic of or arising from physiological causes rather than being psychogenic in origin; "somatogenic theories of schizophrenia".
mental involving the mind or an intellectual process; "mental images of happy times"; "mental calculations"; "in a terrible mental state"; "mental suffering"; "free from mental defects".
rational noetic intellectual of or associated with or requiring the use of the mind; "intellectual problems"; "the triumph of the rational over the animal side of man".
psychical psychic affecting or influenced by the human mind; "psychic energy"; "psychic trauma".
monotheistic believing that there is only one god.
polytheistic worshipping or believing in more than one god.
pious having or showing or expressing reverence for a deity; "pious readings".
worshipful reverent godly showing great reverence for god; "a godly man"; "leading a godly life".
self-righteous sanctimonious pietistical pietistic pharisaical pharisaic holier-than-thou excessively or hypocritically pious; "a sickening sanctimonious smile".
prayerful disposed to pray or appearing to pray.
churchgoing actively practicing a religion.
god-fearing devout deeply religious; "a god-fearing and law-abiding people" H.L.Mencken.
interfaith involving persons of different religious faiths; "an interfaith marriage"; "interfaith good will".
placable easily calmed or pacified.
conciliable appeasable capable of being pacified.
implacable incapable of being placated; "an implacable enemy".
splotched blotchy blotched marked with irregularly shaped spots or blots.
brownish-striped brown-striped having brown stripes.
dark-spotted having dark spots.
flowered floral resembling or made of or suggestive of flowers; "an unusual floral design".
marbleized marbleised marbled patterned with veins or streaks or color resembling marble; "marbleized pink skin".
maroon-spotted having maroon spots.
pinstriped having very thin stripes.
purple-veined (of flowers) showing purple markings that resemble veins.
purple-spotted having purple spots.
reddish-striped red-striped red-streaked having red stripes.
streaky streaked marked with or as if with stripes or linear discolorations; "streaked hair"; "fat legs and dirty streaky faces".
tiger-striped having stripes resembling those of a tiger.
venose veinlike veined having or showing markings that resemble veins.
violet-streaked having streaks of violet color.
white-blotched having blotches of white.
white-streaked having white streaks.
yellow-striped having yellow stripes.
chaste pure and simple in design or style; "a chaste border of conventionalized flowers".
featureless lacking distinguishing characteristics or features; "the featureless landscape of the steppe".
homely plain and unpretentious; "homely truths"; "letters to his son full of homely advice"; "homely fare".
unelaborate inelaborate not elaborate; lacking rich or complex detail.
fussy busy overcrowded or cluttered with detail; "a busy painting"; "a fussy design".
luxuriant elaborate marked by complexity and richness of detail; "an elaborate lace pattern".
fanciful having a curiously intricate quality; "a fanciful pattern with intertwined vines and flowers".
contrived showing effects of planning or manipulation; "a novel with a contrived ending".
chance casual occurring or appearing or singled out by chance; "seek help from casual passers-by"; "a casual meeting"; "a chance occurrence".
studied produced or marked by conscious design or premeditation; "a studied smile"; "a note of biting irony and studied insult"- V.L.Parrington.
plausible apparently reasonable and valid, and truthful; "a plausible excuse".
arguable capable of being supported by argument.
pleasant affording pleasure; being in harmony with your taste or likings; "we had a pleasant evening together"; "a pleasant scene"; "pleasant sensations".
beautiful (of weather) highly enjoyable; "what a beautiful day".
dulcet extremely pleasant in a gentle way; "the most dulcet swimming on the most beautiful and remote beaches".
pleasurable gratifying enjoyable affording satisfaction or pleasure; "the company was enjoyable"; "found her praise gratifying"; "full of happiness and pleasurable excitement"; "good printing makes a book more pleasurable to read".
grateful affording comfort or pleasure; "the grateful warmth of the fire".
idyllic suggestive of an idyll; charmingly simple and serene; "his idyllic life in Tahiti".
grim forbidding dour harshly uninviting or formidable in manner or appearance; "a dour, self-sacrificing life"; "a forbidding scowl"; "a grim man loving duty more than humanity"; "undoubtedly the grimmest part of him was his iron claw"- J.M.Barrie.
pleased experiencing or manifesting pleasure.
encouraged bucked_up inspired with confidence; "felt bucked up by his success".
chuffed very pleased; "I'm chuffed to have won".
delighted greatly pleased.
gratified having received what was desired.
tired_of sick_of sick fed_up disgusted having a strong distaste from surfeit; "grew more and more disgusted"; "fed up with their complaints"; "sick of it all"; "sick to death of flattery"; "gossip that makes one sick"; "tired of the noise and smoke".
pleasing giving pleasure and satisfaction; "a pleasing piece of news"; "pleasing in manner and appearance".
admirable inspiring admiration or approval; "among her many admirable qualities are generosity and graciousness".
charming pleasing or delighting; "endowed with charming manners"; "a charming little cottage"; "a charming personality".
delightful delicious greatly pleasing or entertaining; "a delightful surprise"; "the comedy was delightful"; "a delicious joke".
easy affording pleasure; "easy good looks".
fabulous fab extremely pleasing; "a fabulous vacation".
good5 capable of pleasing; "good looks".
sweet gratifying pleasing to the mind or feeling; "sweet revenge".
ingratiating capable of winning favor; "with open arms and an ingratiating smile".
sweet pleasing to the senses; "the sweet song of the lark"; "the sweet face of a child".
spinous acanthous acanthoid shaped like a spine or thorn.
barrelled barreled (of an arrow) tapered toward both ends.
peaked having or rising to a peak; "the peaked ceiling"; "the island's peaked hills".
pyramidical pyramidic pyramidal resembling a pyramid.
polished perfected or made shiny and smooth; "his polished prose"; "in a freshly ironed dress and polished shoes"; "freshly polished silver".
shiny shining lustrous burnished bright made smooth and bright by or as if by rubbing; reflecting a sheen or glow; "bright silver candlesticks"; "a burnished brass knocker"; "she brushed her hair until it fell in lustrous auburn waves"; "rows of shining glasses"; "shiny black patents".
finished (of skills or the products of skills) brought to or having the greatest excellence; perfected; "a dazzling and finished piece of writing"; "a finished violinist".
politic marked by artful prudence, expedience, and shrewdness; "it is neither polite nor politic to get into other people's quarrels"; "a politic decision"; "a politic manager"; "a politic old scoundrel"; "a shrewd and politic reply".
sagacious skillful in statecraft or management; "an astute and sagacious statesman".
unpolitical apolitical politically neutral.
ponderable capable of being weighed or considered; "something ponderable from the outer world--something of which we can say that its weight is so and so"- James Jeans.
assessable capable of being considered carefully; "the assessable qualities of art".
popular regarded with great favor, approval, or affection especially by the general public; "a popular tourist attraction"; "a popular girl"; "cabbage patch dolls are no longer popular".
best-selling selling in great numbers; "a best-selling novel".
favourite favorite appealing to the general public; "a favorite tourist attraction".
hot1 very popular or successful; "one of the hot young talents"; "cabbage patch dolls were hot last season".
less-traveled not visited by many travelers; "the tourist's desire to visit less-traveled countries".
positive characterized by or displaying affirmation or acceptance or certainty etc.; "a positive attitude"; "the reviews were all positive"; "a positive benefit"; "a positive demand".
optimistic affirmative expecting the best; "an affirmative outlook".
constructive emphasizing what is laudable or hopeful or to the good; "constructive criticism".
neutralized neutralised made neutral in some respect; deprived of distinctive characteristics.
nonnegative either positive or zero.
positive greater than zero; "positive numbers".
positive reckoned, situated or tending in the direction which naturally or arbitrarily is taken to indicate increase or progress or onward motion; "positive increase in graduating students".
possible capable of happening or existing; "a breakthrough may be possible next year"; "anything is possible"; "warned of possible consequences".
realizable manageable doable achievable accomplishable capable of existing or taking place or proving true; possible to do.
assertable affirmable capable of being affirmed or asserted; "a quality affirmable of every member of the family".
come-at-able attainable capable of being attained or accomplished; "choose an attainable goal"; "art is not something that is come-at-able by dint of study".
workable viable practicable feasible executable capable of being done with means at hand and circumstances as they are.
mathematical statistically possible though highly improbable; "have a mathematical chance of making the playoffs".
strong stiff potent having a strong physiological or chemical effect; "a potent toxin"; "potent liquor"; "a potent cup of tea", "a stiff drink".
equipotent having equal strength or efficacy.
powerful having great power or force or potency or effect; "the most powerful government in western Europe"; "his powerful arms"; "a powerful bomb"; "the horse's powerful kick"; "powerful drugs"; "a powerful argument".
omnipotent almighty all-powerful having unlimited power.
coercive serving or intended to coerce; "authority is directional instead of coercive".
mighty having or showing great strength or force or intensity; "struck a mighty blow"; "the mighty logger Paul Bunyan"; "the pen is mightier than the sword"- Bulwer-Lytton.
strong potent having or wielding force or authority; "providing the ground soldier with increasingly potent weapons".
puissant powerful.
regent acting or functioning as a regent or ruler; "prince-regent".
ruling reigning regnant exercising power or authority.
high-powered (used of microscopes) capable of a high degree of magnification; "a high-powered microscope".
high-tension subjected to or capable of operating under relatively high voltage; "high-tension wire".
low-voltage low-tension subjected to or capable of operating under relative low voltage.
influential having or exercising influence or power; "an influential newspaper"; "influential leadership for peace".
prestigious exerting influence by reason of high status or prestige; "a prestigious professor at a prestigious university".
unplowed unploughed unbroken (of farmland) not plowed; "unplowed fields"; "unbroken land".
practical concerned with actual use or practice; "he is a very practical person"; "the idea had no practical application"; "a practical knowledge of Japanese"; "woodworking is a practical art".
applicatory applicative readily applicable or practical.
functional designed for or adapted to a function or use; "functional education selects knowledge that is concrete and usable rather than abstract and theoretical"; "functional architecture".
pragmatical pragmatic matter-of-fact concerned with practical matters; "a matter-of-fact (or pragmatic) approach to the problem"; "a matter-of-fact account of the trip".
unimaginative dealing only with concrete facts.
softheaded screwball half-baked crazy foolish; totally unsound; "a crazy scheme"; "half-baked ideas"; "a screwball proposal without a prayer of working".
unwieldy difficult to work or manipulate; "unwieldy rules and regulations".
precise sharply exact or accurate or delimited; "a precise mind"; "specified a precise amount"; "arrived at the precise moment".
dead unerringly accurate; "a dead shot"; "took dead aim".
fine minutely precise especially in differences in meaning; "a fine distinction".
hairsplitting finespun developed in excessively fine detail; "finespun distinctions".
punctilious meticulous marked by precise accordance with details; "meticulous research"; "punctilious in his attention to rules of etiquette".
microscopic extremely precise with great attention to details; "examined it with microscopic care".
skillful nice done with delicacy and skill; "a nice bit of craft"; "a job requiring nice measurements with a micrometer"; "a nice shot".
on_the_nose on_the_button being precise with regard to a prescribed or specified criterion; "his guess was on the nose"; "the prediction for snow was right on the button".
very precisely as stated; "the very center of town".
slow-witted half-witted feebleminded backward retarded in intellectual development.
imbecilic imbecile idiotic having a mental age of three to seven years.
moronic having a mental age of between eight and twelve years.
simple-minded simple dim-witted lacking mental capacity and subtlety.
foreseeable capable of being anticipated; "foreseeable costs were well within the budget".
aleatory dependent on chance; "the aleatory element in life".
freakish capricious changeable; "a capricious summer breeze"; "freakish weather".
premeditated characterized by deliberate purpose and some degree of planning; "a premeditated crime".
impulsive without forethought; "letting him borrow her car was an impulsive act that she immediately regretted".
prepared made ready or fit or suitable beforehand; "a prepared statement"; "be prepared for emergencies".
embattled prepared for battle; "an embattled city".
fitted_out equipped prepared with proper equipment; "equipped for service in the Arctic".
oven-ready prepared before sale and ready to be cooked.
precooked cooked partially or completely beforehand; "frozen precooked meals from the supermarket".
up (usually followed by `on' or `for') in readiness; "he was up on his homework"; "had to be up for the game".
flaunty inclined to flaunt.
splashy showy flamboyant marked by ostentation but often tasteless; "a cheap showy rhinestone bracelet"; "a splashy half-page ad".
pretentious making claim to or creating an appearance of (often undeserved) importance or distinction; "a pretentious country house"; "a pretentious fraud"; "a pretentious scholarly edition".
arty-crafty artsy-craftsy pretentiously artistic; cloyingly charming.
la-di-da hoity-toity highfaluting highfalutin hifalutin grandiose affectedly genteel.
inflated high-sounding high-flown pretentious (especially with regard to language or ideals); "high-flown talk of preserving the moral tone of the school"; "a high-sounding dissertation on the means to attain social revolution".
modest free from pomp or affectation; "comfortable but modest cottages"; "a simple rectangular brick building"; "a simple man with simple tastes".
primary of first rank or importance or value; direct and immediate rather than secondary; "primary goals"; "a primary effect"; "primary sources"; "a primary interest".
capital of primary importance; "our capital concern was to avoid defeat".
special particular first and most important; "his special interest is music"; "she gets special (or particular) satisfaction from her volunteer work".
substitute alternative alternate serving or used in place of another; "an alternative plan".
standby ready for emergency use; "a standby generator"; "a standby crew".
utility substitute capable of substituting in any of several positions on a team; "a utility infielder".
primary elementary elemental of or being the essential or basic part; "an elementary need for love and nurturing".
incidental incident (sometimes followed by `to') minor or casual or subordinate in significance or nature or occurring as a chance concomitant or consequence; "incidental expenses"; "the road will bring other incidental advantages"; "extra duties incidental to the job"; "labor problems incidental to a rapid expansion"; "confusion incidental to a quick change".
omissible capable of being left out.
sequestered secluded reclusive cloistered providing privacy or seclusion; "the cloistered academic world of books"; "sat close together in the sequestered pergola"; "sitting under the reclusive calm of a shade tree"; "a secluded romantic spot".
close1 confined to specific persons; "a close secret".
confidential entrusted with private information and the confidence of another; "a confidential secretary".
toffee-nosed snobbish; pretentiously superior.
in_the_public_eye of great interest to the public; "a person in the public eye".
unrestricted unexclusive accessible to all.
selective characterized by very careful or fastidious selection; "the school was very selective in its admissions".
privileged blessed with privileges; "the privileged few".
sweetheart privileged treatment of a favored person or corporation (sometimes unethically); "another sweetheart deal based on political influence".
productive producing or capable of producing (especially abundantly); "productive farmland"; "his productive years"; "a productive collaboration".
amentiferous amentaceous (of plants) bearing or characterized by aments or catkins.
tillable cultivatable cultivable arable (of farmland) capable of being farmed productively.
prolific fertile fecund intellectually productive; "a prolific writer"; "a fecund imagination".
nut-bearing (of shrubs or trees) producing nuts.
rich very productive; "rich seams of coal".
nonproductive not directly productive; "nonproductive labor".
duplicatable duplicable capable of being duplicated.
unrepeatable unique; "dogs and mice and flies are as unrepeatable as men are"- Theodosius Dobzhansky.
paid nonrecreational involving gainful employment in something often done as a hobby.
professed professing to be qualified; "a professed philosopher".
unskilled inexpert amateurish amateur lacking professional skill or expertise; "a very amateurish job"; "inexpert but conscientious efforts"; "an unskilled painting".
profitable yielding material gain or profit; "profitable speculation on the stock market".
juicy fat lucrative; "a juicy contract"; "a nice fat job".
paying paid gainful yielding a fair profit.
economic financially rewarding; "it was no longer economic to keep the factory open"; "have to keep prices high enough to make it economic to continue the service".
remunerative moneymaking lucrative producing a sizeable profit; "a remunerative business".
profound showing intellectual penetration or emotional depth; "the differences are profound"; "a profound insight"; "a profound book"; "a profound mind"; "profound contempt"; "profound regret".
deep marked by depth of thinking; "deep thoughts"; "a deep allegory".
thoughtful having intellectual depth; "a deeply thoughtful essay".
sciolistic dilettantish dilettanteish dilettante showing frivolous or superficial interest; amateurish; "his dilettantish efforts at painting".
glib marked by lack of intellectual depth; "glib generalizations"; "a glib response to a complex question".
shallow lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious; "shallow people"; "his arguments seemed shallow and tedious".
skin-deep penetrating no deeper than the skin: "her beauty is only skin-deep".
lantern-jawed having a protruding jaw giving the face a gaunt appearance.
progressive favoring or promoting progress; "progressive schools".
modern innovative forward-looking advanced ahead of the times; "the advanced teaching methods"; "had advanced views on the subject"; "a forward-looking corporation"; "is British industry innovative enough?".
modernized modernised brought up to date; "modernized methods".
pronounceable capable of being uttered or pronounced; "a pronounceable group of letters".
trilled rolling rolled uttered with a trill; "she used rolling r's as in Spanish".
proper marked by suitability or rightness or appropriateness; "proper medical treatment"; "proper manners".
seemly decorous decent comme_il_faut comely becoming according with custom or propriety; "her becoming modesty"; "comely behavior"; "it is not comme il faut for a gentleman to be constantly asking for money"; "a decent burial"; "seemly behavior".
right correct socially right or correct; "it isn't right to leave the party without saying goodbye"; "correct behavior".
right0 correct in accord with accepted standards of usage or procedure; "what's the right word for this?"; "the right way to open oysters".
fitting in harmony with the spirit of particular persons or occasion; "We have come to dedicate a portion of that field...It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this".
halal proper or legitimate; "the fund earns halal profits in full compliance with the Shari'a".
kosher proper or legitimate.
victorian tight-laced straitlaced strait-laced straightlaced straight-laced square-toed puritanical prudish prissy prim priggish exaggeratedly proper; "my straitlaced Aunt Anna doesn't approve of my miniskirts".
portentous foreboding fateful ominously prophetic.
unpredictive having no predictive value.
future effective in or looking toward the future; "he was preparing for future employment opportunities".
fortified bastioned secured with bastions or fortifications.
battlemented protected with battlements or parapets with indentations or embrasures for shooting through.
burglarproof secure against burglary.
snug offering safety; well protected or concealed; "a snug harbor"; "a snug hideout".
weatherproof able to withstand exposure to weather without damage; "weatherproof electric wiring"; "a weatherproof coat".
protective intended or adapted to afford protection of some kind; "a protective covering"; "the use of protective masks and equipment"; "protective coatings"; "kept the drunken sailor in protective custody"; "animals with protective coloring"; "protective tariffs".
prophylactic contraceptive antifertility capable of preventing conception or impregnation; "contraceptive devices and medications".
tutelary tutelar custodial providing protective supervision; watching over or safeguarding; "daycare that is educational and not just custodial"; "a guardian angel"; "tutelary gods".
safety-related providing or ensuring safety.
proud feeling self-respect or pleasure in something by which you measure your self-worth; or being a reason for pride; "proud parents"; "proud of his accomplishments"; "a proud moment"; "proud to serve his country"; "a proud name"; "proud princes".
self-important chesty arrogant having or showing feelings of unwarranted importance out of overbearing pride; "an arrogant official"; "arrogant claims"; "chesty as a peacock".
self-respecting self-respectful dignified having or showing self-esteem.
swaggering supercilious sniffy prideful overbearing lordly imperious haughty disdainful having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy; "some economists are disdainful of their colleagues in other social disciplines"; "haughty aristocrats"; "his lordly manners were offensive"; "walked with a prideful swagger"; "very sniffy about breaches of etiquette"; "his mother eyed my clothes with a supercilious air"; "a more swaggering mood than usual"- W.L.Shirer.
proud_of pleased feeling pleasurable satisfaction over something by which you measures your self-worth; "proud of their child".
modest mild meek humble in spirit or manner; suggesting retiring mildness or even cowed submissiveness; "meek and self-effacing".
established shown to be valid beyond a reasonable doubt; "the established facts in the case".
well-tried tried tested tested and proved useful or correct; "a tested method".
verified proved to be true; "a verified claim".
unproven unproved not proved; "unproved allegations"; "unproved assumptions".
thrifty careful mindful of the future in spending money; "careful with money".
prospicient longsighted long foresightful foresighted farsighted farseeing planning prudently for the future; "large goals that required farsighted policies"; "took a long view of the geopolitical issues".
forethoughtful thoughtful of the future; "careful forethoughtful planning".
provocative serving or tending to provoke, excite, or stimulate; stimulating discussion or exciting controversy; "a provocative remark"; "a provocative smile"; "provocative Irish tunes which...compel the hearers to dance"- Anthony Trollope.
intriguing challenging disturbingly provocative; "an intriguing smile".
charged capable of producing violent emotion or arousing controversy; "the highly charged issue of abortion".
seditious rabble-rousing instigative inflammatory incitive incendiary arousing to action or rebellion.
unprovoking unprovocative not provocative.
disarming capable of allaying hostility.
prudent careful and sensible; marked by sound judgment; "a prudent manager"; "prudent rulers"; "prudent hesitation"; "more prudent to hide than to fight".
discreet circumspect heedful of potential consequences; "circumspect actions"; "physicians are now more circumspect about recommending its use"; "a discreet investor".
wise judicious heady marked by the exercise of good judgment or common sense in practical matters; "judicious use of one's money"; "a wise decision".
provident careful in regard to your own interests; "the prudent use and development of resources"; "wild squirrels are provident".
prudential arising from or characterized by prudence especially in business matters; "he abstained partly for prudential reasons".
rash imprudently incurring risk; "do something rash that he will forever repent"- George Meredith.
correctional concerned with or providing correction; "a correctional institution".
vindicatory retributory retributive retaliatory relatiative of or relating to or having the nature of retribution; "retributive justice demands an eye for an eye".
pure (used of persons or behaviors) having no faults; sinless; "I felt pure and sweet as a new baby"- Sylvia Plath; "pure as the driven snow".
undefiled immaculate free from stain or blemish.
white free from moral blemish or impurity; unsullied; "in shining white armor".
impure (used of persons or behaviors) immoral or obscene; "impure thoughts".
maculate defiled morally blemished; stained or impure.
pure free of extraneous elements of any kind; "pure air and water"; "pure gold"; "pure primary colors"; "the violin's pure and lovely song"; "pure tones"; "pure oxygen".
fresh0 clean free from impurities; "clean water"; "fresh air".
unclouded light0 clear clean (of sound or color) free from anything that dulls or dims; "efforts to obtain a clean bass in orchestral recordings"; "clear laughter like a waterfall"; "clear reds and blues"; "a light lilting voice like a silver bell".
fine free from impurities; having a high or specified degree of purity; "gold 21 carats fine".
pristine completely free from dirt or contamination; "pristine mountain snow".
sublimate made pure.
contaminated corrupted by contact or association; "contaminated evidence".
mercury-contaminated contaminated by mercury.
purposeful serving as or indicating the existence of a purpose or goal.
undirected rudderless planless directionless aimless afloat adrift aimlessly drifting.
desultory marked by lack of definite plan or regularity or purpose; jumping from one thing to another; "desultory thoughts"; "the desultory conversation characteristic of cocktail parties".
well-qualified more than adequately qualified; "a well-qualified officer".
disciplined trained mentally or physically by instruction or exercise; "the beautiful coordination of his disciplined muscles"; "a disciplined mind".
drilled trained in a skill by repetitious practice; "well-drilled in military procedures".
primitive naive of or created by one without formal training; simple or naive in style; "primitive art such as that by Grandma Moses is often colorful and striking".
qualified limited or restricted; not absolute; "gave only qualified approval".
conditional qualified by reservations.
clear2 clean free of restrictions or qualifications; "a clean bill of health"; "a clear winner".
qualitative involving distinctions based on qualities; "qualitative change"; "qualitative data"; "qualitative analysis determines the chemical constituents of a substance or mixture".
quantifiable capable of being quantified.
apocryphal being of questionable authenticity.
acknowledged generally accepted.
indubitable beyond_doubt too obvious to be doubted.
quiet free of noise or uproar; or making little if any sound; "a quiet audience at the concert"; "the room was dark and quiet".
stilly (poetic) still or calm; "in the stilly night".
swishy resembling a sustained `sh' or soft whistle; "swishing windshield wipers"; "a swishy skirt".
restful reposeful relaxing affording physical or mental rest; "she spent a restful night at home".
slumbrous slumberous quiet and tranquil; "a slumberous June morning".
untroubled free from turmoil or worries; "untroubled times".
random lacking any definite plan or order or purpose; governed by or depending on chance; "a random choice"; "bombs fell at random"; "random movements".
purposive having or showing or acting with a purpose or design; "purposive behavior".
rational consistent with or based on or using reason; "rational behavior"; "a process of rational inference"; "rational thought".
lucid logical coherent capable of thinking and expressing yourself in a clear and consistent manner; "a lucid thinker"; "she was more coherent than she had been just after the accident".
thinking reasoning intelligent endowed with the capacity to reason.
sane reasonable marked by sound judgment; "sane nuclear policy".
superstitious showing ignorance of the laws of nature and faith in magic or chance; "finally realized that the horror he felt was superstitious in origin".
emotional determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason; "it was an emotional judgment".
intellectual cerebral involving intelligence rather than emotions or instinct; "a cerebral approach to the problem"; "cerebral drama".
multiracial made up of or involving or acting on behalf of various races; "a multiracial society"; "multiracial government".
oxidizable capable of undergoing a chemical reaction with oxygen.
unstable highly or violently reactive; "sensitive and highly unstable compounds".
neutral inert indifferent having only a limited ability to react chemically; chemically inactive; "inert matter"; "an indifferent chemical in a reaction".
at_the_ready ready for immediate use; "soldiers with guns at the ready"; "students with pens and notebooks at the ready".
set primed fit (usually followed by `to' or `for') on the point of or strongly disposed; "in no fit state to continue"; "fit to drop"; "laughing fit to burst"; "she was fit to scream"; "primed for a fight"; "we are set to go at any time".
prompt ready and willing or quick to act; "she is always prompt to help her friends";.
ripe fully prepared or eager; "the colonists were ripe for revolution".
waiting ready_and_waiting being and remaining ready and available for use; "waiting cars and limousines lined the curb"; "found her mother waiting for them"; "an impressive array of food ready and waiting for the guests"; "military forces ready and waiting".
actual taking place in reality; not pretended or imitated; "we saw the actual wedding on television"; "filmed the actual beating".
factual actual existing in act or fact; "rocks and trees...the actual world"; "actual heroism"; "the actual things that produced the emotion you experienced".
illusory illusive based on or having the nature of an illusion; "illusive hopes of finding a better job"; "Secret activities offer presidents the alluring but often illusory promise that they can achieve foreign policy goals without the bothersome debate and open decision that are staples of democracy".
real no less than what is stated; worthy of the name; "the real reason"; "real war"; "a real friend"; "a real woman"; "meat and potatoes--I call that a real meal"; "it's time he had a real job"; "it's no penny-ante job--he's making real money".
proper having all the qualities typical of the thing specified; "wanted a proper dinner; not just a snack"; "he finally has a proper job".
surreal dreamlike resembling a dream; "night invested the lake with a dreamlike quality"; "as irrational and surreal as a dream".
earthy down-to-earth sensible and practical; "has a straightforward down-to-earth approach to a problem"; "her earthy common sense".
vivid pictorial lifelike graphic evoking lifelike images within the mind; "pictorial poetry and prose"; "graphic accounts of battle"; "a lifelike portrait"; "a vivid description".
living true to life; lifelike; "the living image of her mother".
veridical real coinciding with reality; "perceptual error...has a surprising resemblance to veridical perception"- F.A.Olafson.
virtual practical being actually such in almost every respect; "a practical failure"; "the once elegant temple lay in virtual ruin".
sensible reasonable showing reason or sound judgment; "a sensible choice"; "a sensible person".
commonsensical commonsensible commonsense exhibiting native good judgment; "arrive home at a reasonable hour"; "commonsense scholarship on the foibles of a genius"; "unlearned and commonsensical countryfolk were capable of solving problems that beset the more sophisticated".
sound levelheaded level-headed intelligent healthy exercising or showing good judgment; "healthy scepticism"; "a healthy fear of rattlesnakes"; "the healthy attitude of French laws"; "healthy relations between labor and management"; "an intelligent solution"; "a sound approach to the problem"; "sound advice"; "no sound explanation for his decision".
interactive interactional capable of acting on or influencing each other.
refined (used of persons and their behavior) cultivated and genteel; "she was delicate and refined and unused to hardship"; "refined people with refined taste".
polite genteel cultured cultivated civilized civilised marked by refinement in taste and manners; "cultivated speech"; "cultured Bostonians"; "cultured tastes"; "a genteel old lady"; "polite society".
couth (used facetiously) refined.
twee prim niminy-piminy mincing dainty affectedly dainty or refined.
suave debonnaire debonaire debonair having a sophisticated charm; "a debonair gentleman".
gentlemanly gentlemanlike befitting a man of good breeding; "gentlemanly behavior".
ladylike befitting a woman of good breeding; "ladylike manners".
superfine overrefined excessively delicate or refined.
well-mannered well-bred of good upbringing.
unladylike lacking the behavior or manner or style considered proper for a lady.
dosed treated with some kind of application; "a mustache dosed with bear grease".
recoverable capable of being recovered or regained; "recoverable truth of a past event".
retrievable capable of being regained especially with effort; "he believed the information was retrievable".
reformed caused to abandon an evil manner of living and follow a good one; "a reformed drunkard".
impenitent impervious to moral persuasion.
prescribed official conforming to set usage, procedure, or discipline; "in prescribed order".
well-ordered ordered well; "well-ordered work habits".
rentable that is able or fit be rented.
reparable rectifiable capable of being repaired or rectified; "reparable damage to the car"; "rectifiable wrongs".
maintainable capable of being maintained.
printable fit for publication because free of material that is morally or legally objectionable; "printable language".
unprintable unfit for print because morally or legally objectionable or offensive to good taste; "an unprintable epithet"; "unprintable pictures".
unvarying uniform always the same; showing a single form or character in all occurrences; "a street of uniform tall white buildings".
multiform occurring in or having many forms or shapes or appearances; "the multiform universe of nature and man"- John Dewey.
polymorphous polymorphic having or occurring in several distinct forms; "man is both polymorphic and polytypic"; "a polymorphous god".
triennial occurring every third year or lasting 3 years.
unrelated not connected by kinship.
connate cognate related in nature; "connate qualities".
unrelated lacking a logical or causal relation.
orthogonal statistically unrelated.
applicable capable of being applied; having relevance; "gave applicable examples to support her argument".
germane relevant and appropriate; "he asks questions that are germane and central to the issue".
pertinent having precise or logical relevance to the matter at hand; "a list of articles pertinent to the discussion"; "remarks that were to the point".
tangential digressive of superficial relevance if any; "a digressive allusion to the day of the week"; "a tangential remark".
mindful aware bearing in mind; attentive to; "ever mindful of her health"; "mindful of his responsibilities"; "mindful of these criticisms, I shall attempt to justify my action".
heedful careful cautiously attentive; "careful of her feelings"; "heedful of his father's advice".
replaceable capable of being replaced.
standardized standardised similar interchangeable exchangeable capable of replacing or changing places with something else; permitting mutual substitution without loss of function or suitability; "interchangeable electric outlets" "interchangeable parts".
depictive delineative depicted in a recognizable manner.
mimetic characterized by or of the nature of or using mimesis; "a mimetic dance"; "the mimetic presentation of images".
hieratic adhering to fixed types or methods; highly restrained and formal; "the more hieratic sculptures leave the viewer curiously unmoved".
reputable having a good reputation; "a reputable business"; "a reputable scientist"; "a reputable wine".
prestigious honored esteemed having an illustrious reputation; respected; "our esteemed leader"; "a prestigious author".
respectable honorable good estimable deserving of esteem and respect; "all respectable companies give guarantees"; "ruined the family's good name".
redoubtable worthy of respect or honor; "born of a redoubtable family".
well-thought-of respected receiving deferential regard; "a respected family".
disreputable lacking respectability in character or behavior or appearance.
shady louche of questionable taste or morality; "a louche nightclub"; "a louche painting".
receptive open5 ready or willing to receive favorably; "receptive to the proposals".
acceptive acceptant accepting willingly; "acceptive of every new idea"; "an acceptant type of mind".
admissive characterized by or allowing admission; "an Elizabethan tragedy admissive of comic scenes".
hospitable having an open mind; "hospitable to new ideas"; "open to suggestions".
reconcilable capable of being reconciled; "her way of thinking is reconcilable with mine".
harmonizable capable of being made harmonious or consistent.
resolvable capable of being settled or resolved; "all disputed points are potentially resolvable"; "a resolvable quarrel".
reserved marked by self-restraint and reticence; "was habitually reserved in speech, withholding her opinion"-Victoria Sackville-West.
upstage distant aloof remote in manner; "stood apart with aloof dignity"; "a distant smile"; "he was upstage with strangers".
diffident showing modest reserve; "she was diffident when offering a comment on the professor's lecture".
resistible capable of being resisted or withstood or frustrated; "a resistible attack"; "such resistible temptations".
resolute firm in purpose or belief; characterized by firmness and determination; "stood resolute against the enemy"; "faced with a resolute opposition"; "a resolute and unshakeable faith".
determined characterized by great determination; "a struggle against a determined enemy".
unwavering unshakable unfaltering unbendable stiff steady steadfast firm marked by firm determination or resolution; not shakable; "firm convictions"; "a firm mouth"; "steadfast resolve"; "a man of unbendable perseverence"; "unwavering loyalty".
foursquare characterized by firm and unwavering conviction; "a foursquare refusal to yield".
hell-bent recklessly determined; "hell-bent on winning".
spartan resolute in the face of pain or danger or adversity; "spartan courage".
stout stalwart dependable; "the stalwart citizens at Lexington"; "a stalwart supporter of the UN"; "stout hearts".
unshaken undismayed undaunted unshaken in purpose; "wholly undismayed by the commercial failure of the three movies he had made".
wavering vacillating vacillant uncertain in purpose or action.
respectable characterized by socially or conventionally acceptable morals; "a respectable woman".
nice decent socially or conventionally correct; refined or virtuous; "from a decent family"; "a nice girl".
presentable fit to be seen; "presentable clothes".
unrespectable unworthy of respect.
respectful full of or exhibiting respect; "respectful behavior"; "a respectful glance".
regardful deferential deferent showing deference.
honorific conferring or showing honor or respect; "honorific social status commonly attaches to membership in a recognized profession".
disrespectful exhibiting lack of respect; rude and discourteous; "remarks disrespectful of the law"; "disrespectful in the presence of his parents"; "disrespectful toward his teacher".
undeferential not showing courteous respect.
responsible worthy of or requiring responsibility or trust; or held accountable; "a responsible adult"; "responsible journalism"; "a responsible position"; "the captain is responsible for the ship's safety"; "the cabinet is responsible to the parliament".
answerable morally or legally responsible to a higher authority; "parents are answerable for their child's acts".
liable held legally responsible; "men between the ages of 18 and 35 were liable for military service".
irresponsible showing lack of care for consequences; "behaved like an irresponsible idiot"; "hasty and irresponsible action".
slaphappy harum-scarum happy-go-lucky freewheeling devil-may-care carefree cheerfully irresponsible; "carefree with his money"; "freewheeling urban youths"; "had a harum-scarum youth".
unaccountable free from control or responsibility.
unreliable lacking a sense of responsibility.
responsive readily reacting or replying to people or events or stimuli; showing emotion; "children are often the quickest and most responsive members of the audience".
subdued low-keyed low-key restrained in style or quality; "a little masterpiece of low-keyed eloquence".
freewheeling free of restraints or rules; "freewheeling foolishness"; "the versatility of his poetic freewheeling style".
open accessible to all; "open season"; "an open economy".
sumptuary regulating or controlling expenditure or personal behavior; "sumptuary laws discouraging construction of large houses on small plots"; "sumptuary laws forbidding gambling".
emancipative tending to set free.
weblike webby webbed netted netlike lacy having open interstices or resembling a web.
retractile capable of retraction; capable of being drawn back; "cats have retractile claws".
retractable capable of being retracted; "retractable landing gear".
reflective capable of physically reflecting light or sound; "a reflective surface".
specular mirrorlike capable of reflecting light like a mirror; "mirrorlike surface of the lake"; "a specular metal".
unreflected (especially of incident sound or light) not turned back by physical reflection.
brilliant bright clear and sharp and ringing; "the bright sound of the trumpet section"; "the brilliant sound of the trumpets".
live highly reverberant; "a live concert hall".
reverberative reverberating resounding resonating resonant characterized by resonance; "a resonant voice"; "hear the rolling thunder".
vibrant of sounds that are strong and resonating; "the men's vibrant voices".
thudding dull1 not clear and resonant; sounding as if striking with or against something relatively soft; "the dull thud"; "thudding bullets".
reverent feeling or showing profound respect or veneration; "maintained a reverent silence".
worshipful adoring showing adoration.
irreverent showing lack of due respect or veneration; "irreverent scholars mocking sacred things"; "noisy irreverent tourists".
disrespectful awless aweless neither feeling nor showing respect.
revived restored to consciousness or life or vigor; "felt revived hope".
renewed restored to a new condition; "felt renewed strength".
resurgent renascent rising again as to new life and vigor; "resurgent nationalism".
resuscitated restored to life or consciousness.
revitalized revitalised restored to new life and vigor; "a revitalized economy"; "a revitalized inner-city neighborhood".
awestruck awestricken awed having or showing a feeling of mixed reverence and respect and wonder and dread; "stood in awed silence before the shrine"; "in grim despair and awestruck wonder".
awless aweless devoid of any feeling of awe or reverence.
bountied rewarded or able to be rewarded by a bounty; "a bountied animal pelt".
rewardful offering or productive of reward; "rewardful pursuits".
ornate flowery marked by elaborate rhetoric and elaborated with decorative details; "a flowery speech"; "ornate rhetoric taught out of the rule of Plato"-John Milton.
tall magniloquent grandiloquent lofty in style; "he engages in so much tall talk, one never really realizes what he is saying".
danceable suitable for dancing.
well-to-do well-situated well-off well-heeled well-fixed prosperous easy comfortable in fortunate circumstances financially; moderately rich; "they were comfortable or even wealthy by some standards"; "easy living"; "a prosperous family"; "his family is well-situated financially"; "well-to-do members of the community".
rich having an abundant supply of desirable qualities or substances (especially natural resources); "blessed with a land rich in minerals"; "rich in ideas"; "rich with cultural interest".
sumptuous princely opulent luxurious grand gilded deluxe rich and superior in quality; "a princely sum"; "gilded dining rooms".
solvent capable of meeting financial obligations.
belly-up bankrupt financially ruined; "a bankrupt company"; "the company went belly-up".
rimmed having a rim or a rim of a specified kind; "do you wear rimmed or rimless glasses?".
red-rimmed rimmed with red; "your red-rimmed eyes reveal that you have been crying".
two-handed ambidextrous equally skillful with each hand; "an ambidextrous surgeon".
far_left radical or extremely liberal.
leftish tending toward the political left.
middle-of-the-road centrist supporting or pursuing a course of action that is neither liberal nor conservative.
rightmost farthest to the right; "in the rightmost line of traffic".
horny having horns or hornlike projections; "horny coral"; "horny (or horned) frog".
right in conformance with justice or law or morality; "do the right thing and confess".
honourable honorable ethical adhering to ethical and moral principles; "it seems ethical and right"; "followed the only honorable course of action".
righteous characterized by or proceeding from accepted standards of morality or justice; "the...prayer of a righteous man availeth much"- James 5:16.
upright just good of moral excellence; "a genuinely good person"; "a just cause"; "an upright and respectable man".
sound free from moral defect; "a man of sound character".
chesty big-chested marked by a large or well-developed chest; "he was big-chested, big-shouldered and heavy-armed".
square-shouldered broad-shouldered big-shouldered having broad shoulders; "big-shouldered and heavy-armed".
sturdy stout stalwart hardy having rugged physical strength; inured to fatigue or hardships; "hardy explorers of northern Canada"; "proud of her tall stalwart son"; "stout seamen"; "sturdy young athletes".
heavy-armed having massive arms; "he was big-chested, big-shouldered and heavy-armed".
square-built broad and solidly built.
vigorous strong and active physically or mentally; "a vigorous old man who spent half of his day on horseback"- W.H.Hudson.
round circular having a circular shape.
apple-shaped having the general shape of an apple.
spherical spheric orbicular globular globose global ball-shaped having the shape of a sphere or ball; "a spherical object"; "nearly orbicular in shape"; "little globular houses like mud-wasp nests"- Zane Grey.
barrel-shaped having the general shape of a barrel.
capitate being abruptly enlarged and globose at the tip.
coccoid spherical; like a coccus; "a coccoid microorganism".
cumuliform shaped like a cumulus cloud.
disklike disk-shaped discoidal discoid disclike disc-shaped having a flat circular shape.
moonlike moon-round resembling the moon in shape.
nutlike resembling a nut in shape and size.
pear-shaped having a round shape tapered at one end.
pinwheel-shaped having the round shape of a pinwheel.
ringlike having the shape of a ring.
wheel-like round like a wheel.
quadrate having four sides and four angles.
squared having been made square.
rounded curving and somewhat round in shape rather than jagged; "low rounded hills"; "rounded shoulders".
sausage-shaped allantoid shaped like a sausage.
amygdaloidal amygdaloid amygdaliform almond-shaped shaped like an almond.
aspherical aspheric varying slightly from a perfectly spherical shape.
ear-shaped ear-like auriform having a shape resembling an ear.
bean-shaped having a shape resembling a bean.
semilunar lunate crescent-shaped crescent resembling the new moon in shape.
disciform having a round or oval shape like a disc; "a disciform skin lesion".
vaulted domed having a hemispherical vault or dome.
dome-shaped having the shape of a dome.