prolate ovoid oviform ovate oval-shaped oval elliptical elliptic egg-shaped rounded like an egg.
hyperboloidal having the shape of a hyperboloid.
paraboloidal having the shape of a paraboloid.
plumlike resembling a plum fruit.
rotund spherical in shape.
umbrellalike resembling an umbrella.
angulate angular having angles or an angular shape.
bicuspidate bicuspid having two cusps or points (especially a molar tooth); "bicuspid teeth"; "bicuspid leaves".
cuspidated cuspidate cuspidal cusped cuspated cuspate having cusps or points.
rectangular having four right angles; "a rectangular figure twice as long as it is wide".
sharp-cornered sharp-angled having sharp corners.
three-cornered having three corners; "a three-cornered hat".
triangular having three angles; forming or shaped like a triangle; "a triangular figure"; "a triangular pyrimid has a triangle for a base".
tricuspidate tricuspid having three cusps or points (especially a molar tooth); "tricuspid molar"; "tricuspid valve".
pumpkin-shaped oblate having the equatorial diameter greater than the polar diameter; being flattened at the poles.
watermelon-shaped prolate having the polar diameter greater than the equatorial diameter; "a prolate spheroid is generated by revolving an ellipse about its major axis".
pastoral bucolic arcadian (used with regard to idealized country life) idyllically rustic; "a country life of arcadian contentment"; "a pleasant bucolic scene"; "charming in its pastoral setting"; "rustic tranquility".
rust-free free of rust.
blessed beatified Roman Catholic; proclaimed one of the blessed and thus worthy of veneration.
blessed worthy of worship; "the Blessed Trinity".
sacred hallowed worthy of religious veneration; "the sacred name of Jesus"; "Jerusalem's hallowed soil".
unutterable unspeakable unnameable ineffable too sacred to be uttered; "the ineffable name of the Deity".
inspirational imparting a divine influence on the mind and soul.
sacrosanct inviolate inviolable must be kept sacred.
numinous evincing the presence of a deity; "a numinous wood"; "the most numinous moment in the Mass".
quasi-religious resembling something that is religious.
sublime reverend worthy of adoration or reverence.
sadistic deriving pleasure or sexual gratification from inflicting pain on another.
masochistic deriving pleasure or sexual gratification from being abused or dominated.
fail-safe eliminating danger by compensating automatically for a failure or malfunction; "a fail-safe device in a nuclear weapon to deactivate it automatically in the event of accident".
off_the_hook freed from danger or blame or obligation; "I let him off the hook with a mild reprimand".
unhurt safe_and_sound free from danger or injury; "the children were found safe and sound".
wild risky hazardous involving risk or danger; "skydiving is a hazardous sport"; "extremely risky going out in the tide and fog"; "a wild financial scheme".
safe having reached a base without being put out; "the runner was called safe when the baseman dropped the ball".
saleable salable capable of being sold; fit for sale; "saleable at a low price".
vendible vendable sellable merchantable marketable fit to be offered for sale; "marketable produce".
like corresponding comparable conforming in every respect; "boxes with corresponding dimensions"; "the like period of the preceding year".
homophonic having the same sound.
one of the same kind or quality; "two animals of one species".
different unlike in nature or quality or form or degree; "took different approaches to the problem"; "came to a different conclusion"; "different parts of the country"; "on different sides of the issue"; "this meeting was different from the earlier one".
antithetical antithetic sharply contrasted in character or purpose; "practices entirely antithetical to her professed beliefs"; "hope is antithetic to despair".
contrary very opposed in nature or character or purpose; "acts contrary to our code of ethics"; "the facts point to a contrary conclusion".
contrastive contrasting strikingly different; tending to contrast; "contrasting (or contrastive) colors".
polar opposite diametrical diametric characterized by opposite extremes; completely opposed; "in diametric contradiction to his claims"; "diametrical (or opposite) points of view"; "opposite meanings"; "extreme and indefensible polar positions".
disparate fundamentally different or distinct in quality or kind; "such disparate attractions as grand opera and game fishing"; "disparate ideas".
distinguishable distinct (often followed by `from') not alike; different in nature or quality; "plants of several distinct types"; "the word `nationalism' is used in at least two distinct senses"; "gold is distinct from iron"; "a tree related to but quite distinct from the European beech"; "management had interests quite distinct from those of their employees".
diverse divers many and different; "tourist offices of divers nationalities"; "a person of diverse talents".
opposite altogether different in nature or quality or significance; "the medicine's effect was opposite to that intended"; "it is said that opposite characters make a union happiest"- Charles Reade.
several distinct and individual; "three several times".
very selfsame identical being the exact same one; not any other:; "this is the identical room we stayed in before"; "the themes of his stories are one and the same"; "saw the selfsame quotation in two newspapers"; "on this very spot"; "the very thing he said yesterday"; "the very man I want to see".
similar marked by correspondence or resemblance; "similar food at similar prices"; "problems similar to mine"; "they wore similar coats".
connatural similar in nature; "and mix with our connatural dust"- John Milton.
sane mentally healthy; free from mental disorder; "appears to be completely sane".
of_sound_mind compos_mentis of sound mind, memory, and understanding; in law, competent to go to trial.
lucid having a clear mind; "a lucid moment in his madness".
jaded dulled by surfeit; "the amoral, jaded, bored upper classes".
pungent nipping mordacious biting barbed capable of wounding; "a barbed compliment"; "a biting aphorism"; "pungent satire".
satisfactory giving satisfaction; "satisfactory living conditions"; "his grades were satisfactory".
okay ok o.k. hunky-dory fine all_right being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition; "an all-right movie"; "the passengers were shaken up but are all right"; "is everything all right?"; "everything's fine"; "things are okay"; "dinner and the movies had been fine"; "another minute I'd have been fine".
alright nonstandard usage.
satisfying comforting cheering providing freedom from worry.
copesettic copesetic copasetic copacetic completely satisfactory; "his smile said that everything was copacetic"; "You had to be a good judge of what a man was like, and the English was copacetic"- John O'Hara.
right in or into a satisfactory condition; "things are right again now"; "put things right".
failing below acceptable in performance; "received failing grades".
off below a satisfactory level; "an off year for tennis"; "his performance was off".
scalable capable of being scaled; possible to scale; "the scalable slope of a mountain".
climbable ascendible ascendable capable of being ascended.
unscalable unclimbable incapable of being ascended.
scholarly characteristic of scholars or scholarship; "scholarly pursuits"; "a scholarly treatise"; "a scholarly attitude".
pedantic donnish academic marked by a narrow focus on or display of learning especially its trivial aspects.
studious bookish characterized by diligent study and fondness for reading; "a bookish farmer who always had a book in his pocket"; "a quiet studious child".
learned erudite having or showing profound knowledge; "a learned jurist"; "an erudite professor".
unscholarly not scholarly.
scientific conforming with the principles or methods used in science; "a scientific approach".
airworthy (of aircraft) fit to fly.
bushwhacking lying in ambush; "bushwhacking guerrillas attacking from ambush".
surreptitious stealthy sneaky sneak furtive marked by quiet and caution and secrecy; taking pains to avoid being observed; "a furtive manner"; "a sneak attack"; "stealthy footsteps"; "a surreptitious glance at his watch".
secret hidden designed to elude detection; "a hidden room or place of concealment such as a priest hole"; "a secret passage"; "the secret compartment in the desk".
incognito with your identity concealed.
lying_in_wait waiting in concealment; in ambush; "an army lying in wait in the forest".
unavowed sneaking not openly expressed; "a sneaking suspicion".
conspicuous blazing blatant without any attempt at concealment; completely obvious; "blatant disregard of the law"; "a blatant appeal to vanity"; "a blazing indiscretion".
exhibitionistic compulsively attracting attention to yourself especially by public exposure or exaggerated behavior.
revealing showing or making known; "her dress was scanty and revealing".
suggestive significative revelatory indicatory indicative (usually followed by `of') pointing out or revealing clearly; "actions indicative of fear".
narrow-minded rigidly adhering to a particular sect or its doctrines.
oecumenical oecumenic ecumenical ecumenic concerned with promoting unity among churches or religions; "ecumenical thinking"; "ecumenical activities"; "the ecumenical movement".
insecure lacking self-confidence or assurance; "an insecure person lacking mental stability".
secure free from danger or risk; "secure from harm"; "his fortune was secure"; "made a secure place for himself in his field".
sure physically secure or dependable; "a sure footing"; "was on sure ground".
insurable capable of being insured or eligible to be insured.
uninsured not covered by insurance; "an uninsured motorist".
seductive tending to entice into a desired action or state.
tempting enticing beguiling alluring highly attractive and able to arouse hope or desire; "an alluring prospect"; "her alluring smile"; "the voice was low and beguiling"; "difficult to say no to an enticing advertisement"; "a tempting invitation".
corrupting seducing into corrupt practices.
teasing arousing sexual desire without intending to satisfy it; "her lazy teasing smile".
selfish concerned chiefly or only with yourself and your advantage to the exclusion of others; "Selfish men were...trying to make capital for themselves out of the sacred cause of civil rights"- Maria Weston Chapman.
self-loving narcissistic egotistical egotistic characteristic of those having an inflated idea of their own importance.
self-serving self-seeking interested only in yourself.
unselfish disregarding your own advantages and welfare over those of others.
public-spirited showing unselfish interest in the public welfare; "a public-spirited citizen".
self-forgetful showing lack of self-interest.
sharing unselfishly willing to share with others; "a warm and sharing friend".
senior older; higher in rank; longer in length of tenure or service; "senior officer".
sr. older elder used of the older of two persons of the same name especially used to distinguish a father from his son; "Bill Adams, Sr.".
major of the elder of two boys with the same family name; "Jones major".
precedential having precedence (especially because of longer service); "precedential treatment for senior members of the firm".
superior ranking higher-ranking having a higher rank; "superior officer".
sensational causing intense interest, curiosity, or emotion.
shocking lurid glaringly vivid and graphic; marked by sensationalism; "lurid details of the accident".
screaming resembling a scream in effect; "screaming headlines"; "screaming colors and designs".
sensitive sensible able to feel or perceive; "even amoeba are sensible creatures"; "the more sensible parts of the skin".
delicate of an instrument or device; capable of registering minute differences or changes precisely; "almost undetectable with even the most delicate instruments".
erogenous sensitive to sexual stimulation.
irritable excitable capable of responding to stimuli.
responsive reactive reacting to a stimulus; "the skin of old persons is less reactive than that of younger persons".
alive (followed by `to' or `of') aware of; "is alive to the moods of others".
sensory sensorial involving or derived from the senses; "sensory experience"; "sensory channels".
telegnostic obtaining knowledge of distant events allegedly without use of normal sensory mechanisms.
isolable capable of being isolated or disjoined.
sanitary healthful free from filth and pathogens; "sanitary conditions for preparing food"; "a sanitary washroom".
hygienical hygienic tending to promote or preserve health; "hygienic habits like using disposable tissues"; "hygienic surroundings with plenty of fresh air".
unsanitary unhealthful insanitary not sanitary or healthful; "unsanitary open sewers"; "grim and unsanitary conditions".
pussy purulent containing pus; "a purulent wound".
septicemic characteristic of septicemia; "a septicemic temperature curve".
sterile aseptic free of or using methods to keep free of pathological microorganisms; "a sterile operating area"; "aseptic surgical instruments"; "aseptic surgical techniques".
germicidal disinfectant bactericidal preventing infection by inhibiting the growth or action of microorganisms.
purifying cleansing acting like an antiseptic.
nonpurulent not containing pus.
uninfected clean free from sepsis or infection; "a clean (or uninfected) wound".
germfree free from germs or pathogenic organisms; sterile; "a germfree environment".
antiseptic freeing from error or corruption; "the antiseptic effect of sturdy criticism".
serious concerned with work or important matters rather than play or trivialities; "a serious student of history"; "a serious attempt to learn to ski"; "gave me a serious look"; "a serious young man"; "are you serious or joking?"; "Don't be so serious!".
solemn sincere earnest characterized by a firm and humorless belief in the validity of your opinions; "both sides were deeply in earnest, even passionate"; "an entirely sincere and cruel tyrant"; "a film with a solemn social message".
thoughtful serious-minded acting with or showing thought and good sense; "a sensible young man".
scatterbrained head-in-the-clouds flyaway flighty guided by whim and fancy; "flighty young girls".
playful full of fun and high spirits; "playful children just let loose from school".
sportive rollicking frolicsome frolicky coltish given to merry frolicking; "frolicsome students celebrated their graduation with parties and practical jokes".
elvish elfish elfin usually good-naturedly mischievous; "perpetrated a practical joke with elfin delight"; "elvish tricks".
kittenish frisky playful like a lively kitten.
selected chosen in preference to another.
elite elect selected as the best; "an elect circle of artists"; "elite colleges".
useable usable operational operable functional fit or ready for use or service; "the toaster was still functional even after being dropped"; "the lawnmower is a bit rusty but still usable"; "an operational aircraft"; "the dishwasher is now in working order".
tentative doubtful unsettled in mind or opinion; "drew a few tentative conclusions".
sexy marked by or tending to arouse sexual desire or interest; "feeling sexy"; "sexy clothes"; "sexy poses"; "a sexy book"; "sexy jokes".
turned_on steamy ruttish randy horny aroused feeling great sexual desire; "feeling horny".
autoerotic sexually satisfying yourself (as by masturbation).
flirtatious coquettish like a coquette.
titillating erotic giving sexual pleasure; sexually arousing.
hot sexually excited or exciting; "was hot for her"; "hot pants".
sexual intimate involved in a sexual relationship; "the intimate (or sexual) relations between husband and wife"; "she had been intimate with many men"; "he touched her intimate parts".
voluptuous toothsome red-hot luscious juicy having strong sexual appeal; "juicy barmaids"; "a red-hot mama"; "a voluptuous woman"; "a toothsome blonde in a tight dress".
leering (of a glance) sidelong and slyly lascivious; "leering drugstore cowboys".
oversexed highly-sexed having excessive sexual desire or appeal.
pornographic adult designed to arouse lust; "pornographic films and magazines"; "adult movies".
provocative exciting sexual desire; "her gestures and postures became more wanton and provocative".
raunchy earthy and sexually explicit; "a raunchy novel".
sexed characterized by sexuality; "highly sexed".
sex-starved desiring but deprived of sexual gratification.
sexless sexually unattractive.
sexless having no sexual desire.
undersexed having a subnormal degree of sexual desire.
sexual having or involving sex; "sexual reproduction"; "sexual spores".
sexed having sexual differentiation.
fissiparous reproducing by fission.
vegetative vegetal (of reproduction) characterized by asexual processes.
unsexed castrated deprived of sexual capacity or sexual attributes.
sexy aphrodisiacal aphrodisiac exciting sexual desire.
anaphrodisiac tending to diminish sexual desire.
shapely having a well-proportioned and pleasing shape; "a slim waist and shapely legs".
clean-limbed having well-proportioned limbs.
well-proportioned of pleasing proportions.
well-turned of a pleasing shape; "a well-turned ankle".
ill-proportioned lacking pleasing proportions.
tractile tensile pliant pliable malleable ductile capable of being shaped or bent or drawn out; "ductile copper"; "malleable metals such as gold"; "they soaked the leather to made it pliable"; "pliant molten glass"; "made of highly tensile steel alloy".
acorn-shaped shaped like an acorn.
awl-shaped shaped like an awl.
biform having or combining two forms; "a biform crystal"; "the biform body of a mermaid".
botuliform shaped like a sausage.
phylliform having the shape of a leaf.
shared have in common; held or experienced in common; "two shared valence electrons forming a bond between adjacent nuclei"; "a shared interest in philately".
joint affecting or involving two or more; "joint income-tax return"; "joint ownership".
ironclad sheathed in iron plates for protection.
shockable narrow-minded capable of being shocked.
longsighted keen-sighted farseeing eagle-eyed capable of seeing to a great distance.
telescopic capable of discerning distant objects; "a telescopic eye"; "telescopic vision".
shrinkable capable of being shrunk; "a shrinkable fabric".
sharp-sighted sharp-eyed quick-sighted lynx-eyed keen-sighted hawk-eyed argus-eyed having very keen vision; "quick-sighted as a cat".
clear-sighted having sharp clear vision.
significant important important in effect or meaning; "a significant change in tax laws"; "a significant change in the Constitution"; "a significant contribution"; "significant details"; "statistically significant".
momentous of very great significance; "deciding to drop the atom bomb was a very big decision"; "a momentous event".
epochal epoch-making highly significant or important especially bringing about or marking the beginning of a new development or era; "epochal decisions made by Roosevelt and Churchill"; "an epoch-making discovery".
world-shattering world-shaking earthshaking sufficiently significant to affect the whole world; "earthshaking proposals"; "the contest was no world-shaking affair"; "the conversation...could hardly be called world-shattering".
profound fundamental far-reaching and thoroughgoing in effect especially on the nature of something; "the fundamental revolution in human values that has occurred"; "the book underwent fundamental changes"; "committed the fundamental error of confusing spending with extravagance"; "profound social changes".
large fairly large or important in effect; influential; "played a large role in the negotiations".
monumental of outstanding significance; "Einstein's monumental contributions to physics".
remarkable noteworthy worthy of notice; "a noteworthy fact is that her students rarely complain"; "a remarkable achievement".
probatory probative tending to prove a particular proposition or to persuade you of the truth of an allegation; "evidence should only be excluded if its probative value was outweighed by its prejudicial effect".
operative effective; producing a desired effect; "the operative word".
prodigious portentous of momentous or ominous significance; "such a portentous...monster raised all my curiosity"- Herman Melville; "a prodigious vision".
hole-in-corner hole-and-corner relating to the peripheral and unimportant aspects of life; "a hole-and-corner life in some obscure community"- H.G.Wells.
light9 having little importance; "losing his job was no light matter".
nonsignificant attributable to chance.
acuminate (of a leaf shape) narrowing to a slender point.
apiculate (of a leaf shape) having a short sharply pointed tip.
caudate (of a leaf shape) tapering gradually into a long taillike tip.
heart-shaped cordiform cordate (of a leaf) shaped like a heart.
wedge-shaped cuneate (of a leaf shape) narrowly triangular, wider at the apex and tapering toward the base.
deltoid triangular or suggesting a capital delta, with a point at the apex.
dolabriform dolabrate having the shape of the head of an ax or cleaver.
elliptic (of a leaf shape) in the form of an ellipse.
spearhead-shaped hastate (of a leaf shape) like a spear point, with flaring pointed lobes at the base.
lanceolate lancelike (of a leaf shape) shaped like a lance head; narrow and tapering to a pointed apex.
linear elongate (of a leaf shape) long and narrow.
lyrate (of a leaf shape) having curvature suggestive of a lyre.
two-needled (of conifers) having two needles.
obtuse (of a leaf shape) rounded at the apex.
oblanceolate (of a leaf shape) having a broad rounded apex and a tapering base.
oblong (of a leaf shape) having a somewhat elongated form with approximately parallel sides.
obovate (of a leaf shape) egg-shaped with the narrower end at the base.
ovate of a leaf shape; egg-shaped with the broader end at the base.
panduriform pandurate fiddle-shaped (of a leaf shape) having rounded ends and a contracted center.
shield-shaped peltate (of a leaf shape) round, with the stem attached near the center of the lower surface rather than the margin (as a nasturtium leaf for example).
perfoliate (of a leaf) having the base united around (and apparently pierced by) the stem.
reniform kidney-shaped (of a leaf or bean shape) resembling the shape of kidney.
sagittiform sagittate arrow-shaped (of a leaf shape) like an arrow head without flaring base lobes.
spatulate spatula-shaped (of a leaf shape) having a broad rounded apex and a narrow base.
unlobed without lobes.
compound composed of more than one part; "compound leaves are composed of several lobes; "compound flower heads".
bilobed bilobated bilobate having two lobes; "a bilobate leaf".
bipinnate of a leaf shape; having doubly pinnate leaflets (as ferns).
bipinnatifid pinnatifid with the segments also pinnatifid.
dissected cleft having one or more incisions reaching nearly to the midrib.
conjugate (of a pinnate leaflet) having only one pair of leaflets.
decompound of a compound leaf; consisting of divisions that are themselves compound.
paripinnate even-pinnate abruptly-pinnate (of a leaf shape) pinnate with a pair of leaflets at the apex.
incised sharply and deeply indented.
odd-pinnate imparipinnate (a leaf shape) pinnate with a single leaflet at the apex.
palmate palm-shaped of a leaf shape; having leaflets or lobes radiating from a common point.
palmatifid of a leaf shape; palmately cleft rather than lobed.
parted having a margin incised almost to the base so as to create distinct divisions or lobes.
pedate of a leaf shape; having radiating lobes, each deeply cleft or divided.
pinnated pinnate (of a leaf shape) featherlike; having leaflets on each side of a common axis.
pinnatifid (of a leaf shape) cleft nearly to the midrib in broad divisions not separated into distinct leaflets.
pinnatisect (of a leaf shape) cleft nearly to the midrib in narrow divisions not separated into distinct leaflets.
quinquefoliate (of a leaf shape) having five leaflets.
ternate (of a leaf shape) consisting of three leaflets or sections.
trifoliolate trifoliated trifoliate (of a leaf shape) having three leaflets.
trilobed trilobated trilobate three-lobed (of a leaf shape) divided into three lobes.
tripinnated tripinnate (of a leaf shape) thrice pinnate.
tripinnatifid (of a leaf shape) bipinnatifid with segments pinnatifid.
unsophisticated uncomplicated lacking complexity; "small and uncomplicated cars for those really interested in motoring"; "an unsophisticated machine".
decomposable analyzable capable of being partitioned.
tortuous tangled knotty involved convoluted byzantine highly complex or intricate and occasionally devious; "the Byzantine tax structure"; "Byzantine methods for holding on to his chairmanship"; "convoluted legal language"; "convoluted reasoning"; "the plot was too involved"; "a knotty problem"; "got his way by labyrinthine maneuvering"; "Oh, what a tangled web we weave"- Sir Walter Scott; "tortuous legal procedures"; "tortuous negotiations lasting for months".
mazy labyrinthine labyrinthian resembling a labyrinth in form or complexity; "a labyrinthine network of tortuous footpaths".
thickening becoming more intricate or complex; "a thickening plot".
sincere open and genuine; not deceitful; "he was a good man, decent and sincere"; "felt sincere regret that they were leaving"; "sincere friendship".
bona_fide undertaken in good faith; "a bona fide offer".
cordial sincerely or intensely felt; "a cordial regard for his visitor's comfort"; "a cordial abhorrence of waste".
honest without dissimulation; frank; "my honest opinion".
unfeigned true genuine not pretended; sincerely felt or expressed; "genuine emotion"; "her interest in people was unfeigned"; "true grief".
wholehearted whole-souled heart-whole with unconditional and enthusiastic devotion; "heart-whole friendship"; "gave wholehearted support to her candidacy"; "wholehearted commitment"; "demonstrated his whole-souled allegiance".
specious meretricious gilded based on pretense; deceptively pleasing; "the gilded and perfumed but inwardly rotten nobility"; "meretricious praise"; "a meretricious argument".
sinkable capable of being sunk.
sui_generis constituting a class of its own; unique; "a history book sui generis"; "sui generis works like Mary Chestnut's Civil War diary".
twofold two-fold doubled double twice as great or many; "ate a double portion"; "the dose is doubled"; "a twofold increase".
twofold two-fold treble threefold three-fold dual double having more than one decidedly dissimilar aspects or qualities; "a double (or dual) role for an actor"; "the office of a clergyman is twofold; public preaching and private influence"- R.W.Emerson; "every episode has its double and treble meaning"-Frederick Harrison.
triple treble threefold three-fold three times as great or many; "a claim for treble (or triple) damages"; "a threefold increase".
quadruple fourfold four-fold four times as great or many; "a fourfold increase in the dosage".
multiple-choice offering several alternative answers from which the correct one is to be chosen; or consisting of such questions; "multiple-choice questions"; "a multiple-choice test".
sized having a specified size.
apple-sized having the approximate size of an apple.
cherry-sized having the approximate size of a cherry.
cookie-sized having the approximate size of a cookie.
crow-sized having the approximate size of a crow.
dog-sized having the approximate size of an average dog.
ferret-sized having the approximate size of a ferret.
grape-sized having the approximate size of a grape.
kiwi-sized having the approximate size of a kiwi fruit.
moderate-sized moderate-size medium-sized medium-size intermediate in size.
orange-sized having the approximate size of an orange.
pig-sized having the approximate size of a pig.
rabbit-sized having the approximate size of a rabbit.
shrew-sized having the approximate size of a shrew.
sparrow-sized having the approximate size of a sparrow.
squirrel-sized having the approximate size of a squirrel.
turkey-sized having the approximate size of a turkey.
wolf-sized having the approximate size of a wolf.
skilled having or showing or requiring special skill; "only the most skilled gymnasts make an Olympic team"; "a skilled surgeon has many years of training and experience"; "a skilled reconstruction of her damaged elbow"; "a skilled trade".
complete accomplished highly skilled; "an accomplished pianist"; "a complete musician".
skillful skilful proficient practiced good expert adept having or showing knowledge and skill and aptitude; "adept in handicrafts"; "an adept juggler"; "an expert job"; "a good mechanic"; "a practiced marksman"; "a proficient engineer"; "a lesser-known but no less skillful composer"; "the effect was achieved by skillful retouching".
virtuoso masterly masterful consummate having or revealing supreme mastery or skill; "a consummate artist"; "consummate skill"; "a masterful speaker"; "masterful technique"; "a masterly performance of the sonata"; "a virtuoso performance".
delicate marked by great skill especially in meticulous technique; "a surgeon's delicate touch".
hot0 performed or performing with unusually great skill and daring and energy; "a hot drummer"; "he's hot tonight".
mean excellent; "famous for a mean backhand".
sure-handed proficient and confident in performance; "promising playwrights...sure-handed enough to turn out top-drawer scripts".
artless showing lack of art; "an artless translation".
rusty out_of_practice impaired in skill by neglect.
semiskilled possessing or requiring limited skills; "semiskilled dockworkers"; "a semiskilled job".
plushy plush-like (of textures) resembling plush.
floury resembling flour in fine powdery texture; "a floury clay".
smoking emitting smoke in great volume; "a smoking fireplace".
smokeless emitting or containing little or no smoke; "smokeless factory stacks"; "smokeless fuel"; "a smokeless environment".
smoke-free free of smoke; "smoke-free offices and restaurants".
slithery having a slippery surface or quality ; "slithery mud"; "slithery eels".
smooth having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities; "smooth skin"; "a smooth tabletop"; "smooth fabric"; "a smooth road"; "water as smooth as a mirror".
uncreased creaseless used especially of fabrics; "uncreased trousers".
smooth-textured fine-textured having a smooth, fine-grained structure.
glassy resembling glass in smoothness and shininess and slickness; "the glassy surface of the lake"; "the pavement was...glassy with water"- Willa Cather.
streamlined sleek flowing aerodynamic designed or arranged to offer the least resistant to fluid flow; "a streamlined convertible".
textured rough-textured coarse-textured having surface roughness; "a textured wall of stucco"; "a rough-textured tweed".
repand having a slightly undulating margin.
sinuate having a strongly waved margin alternately concave and convex.
undulate having a wavy margin and rippled surface.
untoothed unnotched having no notches.
rough of the margin of a leaf shape; having the edge cut or fringed or scalloped.
bidentate having toothlike projections that are themselves toothed.
biserrate having saw-like notches with the notches themselves similarly notched.
ciliated ciliate having a margin or fringe of hairlike projections.
scalloped crenated crenate having a margin with rounded scallops.
crenulated crenulate having a margin with small rounded teeth; "a crenulate leaf".
dentate having toothlike projections in the margin.
denticulate having a very finely toothed margin.
emarginate having a notched tip.
toothed notched jaggy jagged erose having an irregularly notched or toothed margin as though gnawed.
fimbriate having a fringe of slender processes.
laciniate fringed having edges irregularly and finely slashed; "a laciniate leaf".
lacerated lacerate irregularly slashed and jagged as if torn; "lacerate leaves".
pectinate like a comb.
runcinate having incised margins with the lobes or teeth pointing toward the base; as dandelion leaves.
toothed serrated serrate saw-toothed notched notched like a saw with teeth pointing toward the apex.
serrulate minutely serrated.
spinose having spines.
solitary lonely lone characterized by or preferring solitude; "a lone wolf"; "a lonely existence"; "a man of a solitary disposition"; "a solitary walk".
tod alone and on your own; "don't just sit there on your tod".
broadloom (of rugs or carpets) woven full width; "a broadloom rug".
unseeded not seeded; used of players of lesser skill.
white-seeded having white seeds.
sociable inclined to or conducive to companionship with others; "a sociable occasion"; "enjoyed a sociable chat"; "a sociable conversation"; "Americans are sociable and gregarious".
clubbable clubable inclined to club together; "a clubbable man".
clubby clubbish effusively sociable; "a clubbish set"; "we got rather clubby".
good-time convivial occupied with or fond of the pleasures of good company; "a convivial atmosphere at the reunion"; "a woman of convivial nature"; "he was a real good-time Charlie".
antisocial shunning contact with others; "standoffish and antisocial"; "he's not antisocial; just shy".
sold disposed of to a purchaser; "this merchandise is sold".
sold-out sold completely in advance; "had a sold-out house for both performances".
soleless having no sole.
runny fluid characteristic of a fluid; capable of flowing and easily changing shape.
liquifiable liquefiable capable of being liquefied.
cavernous being or suggesting a cavern; "vast cavernous chambers hollowed out of limestone".
soluble (of a substance) capable of being dissolved in some solvent (usually water).
dissolvable dissoluble capable of dissolving.
meltable disintegrable capable of melting.
insoluble indissoluble (of a substance) incapable of being dissolved.
answerable capable of being answered.
unsolvable unsoluble unresolvable insolvable not easily solved; "an apparantly insolvable problem"; "public finance...had long presented problems unsolvable or at least unsolved"- C.L.Jones.
every_last (used as intensive) every; "every last one of you".
every each and all of a series of entities or intervals as specified; "every third seat"; "every two hours".
sophisticated having or appealing to those having worldly knowledge and refinement and savoir-faire; "sophisticated young socialites"; "a sophisticated audience"; "a sophisticated lifestyle"; "a sophisticated book".
worldly blase very sophisticated especially because of surfeit; versed in the ways of the world; "the blase traveler refers to the ocean he has crossed as `the pond'"; "the benefits of his worldly wisdom".
well-informed intelligent possessing sound knowledge; "well-informed readers".
urbane svelte refined polished showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience; "his polished manner"; "maintained an urbane tone in his letters".
worldly-wise experienced in and wise to the ways of the world.
naive naif marked by or showing unaffected simplicity and lack of guile or worldly experience; "a teenager's naive ignorance of life"; "the naive assumption that things can only get better"; "this naive simple creature with wide friendly eyes so eager to believe appearances".
wide-eyed simple round-eyed dewy-eyed childlike exhibiting childlike simplicity and credulity; "childlike trust"; "dewy-eyed innocence"; "listened in round-eyed wonder".
credulous showing a lack of judgment or experience; "so credulous he believes everything he reads".
gullible green fleeceable naive and easily deceived or tricked; "at that early age she had been gullible and in love".
innocent ingenuous lacking in sophistication or worldliness; "a child's innocent stare"; "his ingenuous explanation that he would not have burned the church if he had not thought the bishop was in it".
sound financially secure and safe; "sound investments"; "a sound economy".
secure safe good1 dependable financially sound; "a good investment"; "a secure investment".
healthy financially secure and functioning well; "a healthy economy".
stable firm and dependable; subject to little fluctuation; "the economy is stable".
sound in good condition; free from defect or damage or decay; "a sound timber"; "the wall is sound"; "a sound foundation".
substantial strong solid of good quality and condition; solidly built; "a solid foundation"; "several substantial timber buildings".
differentiated exhibiting biological specialization; adapted during development to a specific function or environment.
special adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose; "a special kind of paint"; "a special medication for arthritis".
specialistic showing focused training; "specialist training".
spiny spinous having spines; "the dorsal fin is spinous".
spirited displaying animation, vigor, or liveliness.
con_brio with liveliness or spirit.
gallant dashing lively and spirited; "a dashing hero".
high-spirited exuberant ebullient joyously unrestrained.
spunky plucky feisty showing courage; "the champion is faced with a feisty challenger".
saucy pert irreverent impertinent characterized by a lightly pert and exuberant quality; "a certain irreverent gaiety and ease of manner".
racy lively full of zest or vigor; "a racy literary style".
mettlesome having a proud and unbroken spirit.
resilient recovering readily from adversity, depression, or the like.
whipping snappy smart and fashionable; "snappy conversation"; "some sharp and whipping lines".
sprightly full of spirit and vitality; "a sprightly young girl"; "a sprightly dance".
vivacious vibrant vigorous and animated; "a vibrant group that challenged the system"; "a charming and vivacious hostess"; "a vivacious folk dance".
zesty zestful yeasty barmy marked by spirited enjoyment.
heartless devoid of courage or enthusiasm.
thin lacking spirit or sincere effort; "a thin smile".
spontaneous self-generated happening or arising without apparent external cause; "spontaneous laughter"; "spontaneous combustion"; "a spontaneous abortion".
natural instinctive unthinking; prompted by (or as if by) instinct; "a cat's natural aversion to water"; "offering to help was as instinctive as breathing".
unwritten based on custom rather than documentation; "an unwritten law"; "rites...so ancient that they well might have had their unwritten origins in Aurignacian times"- J.L.T.C.Spence.
vowellike having characteristics of a vowel sound; "the vowellike nature of `r'".
consonantal being or marked by or containing or functioning as a consonant; "consonantal sounds"; "a consonantal Hebrew text"; "consonantal alliteration"; "a consonantal cluster".
stoppable capable of being stopped; "if we pick up our pace he may be stoppable".
abatable capable of being abated.
tippy tender cranky crank (used of boats) inclined to heel over easily under sail.
wonky wobbly shaky rickety inclined to shake as from weakness or defect; "a rickety table"; "a wobbly chair with shaky legs"; "the ladder felt a little wobbly"; "the bridge still stands though one of the arches is wonky".
tipsy unstable and prone to tip as if intoxicated; "a tipsy boat".
staccato disconnected (music) marked by or composed of disconnected parts or sounds; cut short crisply; "staccato applause"; "a staccato command"; "staccato notes".
standard established or well-known or widely recognized as a model of authority or excellence; "a standard reference work"; "the classical argument between free trade and protectionism".
definitive classical classic authoritative of recognized authority or excellence; "the definitive work on Greece"; "classical methods of navigation".
canonical canonic basic reduced to the simplest and most significant form possible without loss of generality; "a basic story line"; "a canonical syllable pattern".
standardized standardised brought into conformity with a standard; "standardized education".
standard received conforming to the established language usage of educated native speakers; "standard English" (American); "received standard English is sometimes called the King's English" (British).
acceptable judged to be in conformity with approved usage; "acceptable English usage".
starchlike farinaceous amyloidal amyloid amylaceous resembling starch.
sparkling shining with brilliant points of light like stars; "sparkling snow"; "sparkling eyes".
nourished being provided with adequate nourishment.
replete full filled to satisfaction with food or drink; "a full stomach".
steady-going rock-steady dependable consistent in performance or behavior; "dependable in one's habits"; "a steady-going family man".
regular even occurring at fixed intervals; "a regular beat"; "the even rhythm of his breathing".
steadied made steady or constant; "the noise became a steadied roaring".
unsteady subject to change or variation; "her unsteady walk"; "his hand was unsteady as he poured the wine"; "an unsteady voice".
flickering aflicker shining unsteadily.
tottery tottering unsteady in gait as from infirmity or old age; "a tottering skeleton of a horse"; "a tottery old man".
stimulating rousing or quickening activity or the senses; "a stimulating discussion".
thought-provoking challenging stimulating interest or thought; "a challenging hypothesis"; "a thought-provoking book".
exciting stimulating interest and discussion; "an exciting novel".
salty piquant engagingly stimulating or provocative; "a piquant wit"; "salty language".
stirring rousing capable of arousing enthusiasm or excitement; "a rousing sermon"; "stirring events such as wars and rescues".
juiceless dry lacking interest or stimulation; dull and lifeless; "a dry book"; "a dry lecture filled with trivial details"; "dull and juiceless as only book knowledge can be when it is unrelated to...life"- John Mason Brown.
vapid lacking significance or liveliness or spirit or zest; "a vapid conversation"; "a vapid smile"; "a bunch of vapid schoolgirls".
depressant capable of depressing physiological or psychological activity or response by a chemical agent.
narcotizing narcotising narcotic inducing stupor or narcosis; "narcotic drugs".
stimulative capable of arousing or accelerating physiological or psychological activity or response by a chemical agent.
adrenocorticotropic adrenocorticotrophic stimulating or acting on the adrenal cortex.
excitatory excitative excitant (of drugs e.g.) able to excite or stimulate.
stimulating stimulant that stimulates; "stimulant phenomena".
refractive deflective capable of changing the direction (of a light or sound wave).
malposed characterized by malposition; "crooked malposed teeth".
bowed arcuate arciform arching arched arced forming or resembling an arch; "an arched ceiling".
flexuous having turns or windings; "the flexuous bed of the stream".
hooklike hooked having or resembling a hook (especially in the ability to grasp and hold); "hooklike thorns";.
coiled curled or wound (especially in concentric rings or spirals); "a coiled snake ready to strike"; "the rope lay coiled on the deck".
convoluted convolute rolled longitudinally upon itself; "a convolute petal".
involute (of some shells) closely coiled so that the axis is obscured.
rolled involute especially of petals or leaves in bud; having margins rolled inward.
straight square characterized by honesty and fairness; "straight dealing"; "a square deal".
transparent guileless free of deceit.
straightarrow conventionally moral and upright.
emphatic emphasized emphasised spoken with emphasis; "an emphatic word".
strong having strength or power greater than average or expected; "a strong radio signal"; "strong medicine"; "a strong man".
beardown with full strength; "his beardown performance in the exhibition game".
beefed-up made greater or stronger; "beefed-up sales efforts".
sinewy powerful muscular hefty brawny (of a person) possessing physical strength and weight; rugged and powerful; "a hefty athlete"; "a muscular boxer"; "powerful arms".
bullocky resembling a bullock in strength and power; "thick bullocky shoulders".
ironlike exhibiting strength or hardness like that of iron; "ironlike determination"; "ironlike nerves"; "ironlike discipline of the Marines".
powerful knock-down strong enough to knock down or overwhelm; "a knock-down blow".
noticeable readily noticed; "a noticeable resemblance".
robust strong enough to withstand or overcome intellectual challenges or adversity; "the experiment yielded robust results"; "a robust faith".
stiff powerful; "a stiff current"; "a stiff breeze".
vehement characterized by great force or energy; "vehement deluges of rain"; "vehement clapping"; "a vehement defense".
virile characterized by energy and vigor; "a virile and ever stronger free society"; "a new and virile leadership".
well-set well-knit strongly and firmly constructed; "a well-knit argument"; "a well-knit theatrical production"; "well-knit athletes"; "a sailor short but well-set"- Alexander Hamilton.
vulnerable capable of being wounded or hurt; "vulnerable parts of the body".
docile willing to be taught or led or supervised or directed; "the docile masses of an enslaved nation".
tame meek very docile; "tame obedience"; "meek as a mouse"- Langston Hughes.
yielding inclined to yield to argument or influence or control; "a timid yielding person".
successful having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome; "a successful architect"; "a successful business venture".
boffo resoundingly successful and popular; "for years he was a boffo box office certainty".
thriving roaring prosperous prospering palmy flourishing booming very lively and profitable; "flourishing businesses"; "a palmy time for stockbrokers"; "a prosperous new business"; "doing a roaring trade"; "a thriving tourist center"; "did a thriving business in orchids".
made successful or assured of success; "now I am a made man forever"- Christopher Marlowe.
productive yielding positive results.
self-made having achieved success or recognition by your own efforts; "a self-made millionaire".
sure-fire certain to be successful; "a sure-fire way to get rich".
triple-crown unofficial championship title for player who heads the league in batting average and home runs and runs batted in.
triple-crown of a horse that has won the Kentucky Derby and the Belmont Stakes and the Preakness races.
winning victorious having won; "the victorious entry"; "the winning team".
unrewarded empty-handed having acquired or gained nothing; "the returned from the negotiations empty-handed".
self-defeating acting to defeat its own purpose; "it is self-defeating...to ignore the progress of events".
enough decent adequate sufficient for the purpose; "an adequate income"; "the food was adequate"; "a decent wage"; "enough food"; "food enough".
superior of or characteristic of high rank or importance; "a superior ruler".
patronizing patronising condescending arch (used of behavior or attitude) characteristic of those who treat others with condescension.
high eminent standing above others in quality or position; "people in high places"; "the high priest"; "eminent members of the community".
preeminent leading greatest in importance or degree or significance or achievement; "our greatest statesmen"; "the country's leading poet"; "a preeminent archeologist".
upper-level high-ranking high-level at an elevated level in rank or importance; "a high-level official"; "a high-level corporate briefing"; "upper-level management".
olympian majestic majestic in manner or bearing; superior to mundane matters; "his majestic presence"; "olympian detachment"; "olympian beauty and serene composure".
superordinate of higher rank or status or value.
upper superior in rank or accomplishment; "the upper half of the class".
superior of high or superior quality or performance; "superior wisdom derived from experience"; "superior math students".
tops topnotch top-notch tiptop super first-rate crack ace a-one of the highest quality; "an ace reporter"; "a crack shot"; "a first-rate golfer"; "a super party"; "played top-notch tennis"; "an athlete in tiptop condition"; "she is absolutely tops".
banner unusually good; outstanding; "a banner year for the company".
brag boss exceptionally good; "a boss hand at carpentry"; "his brag cornfield".
superb brilliant of surpassing excellence; "a brilliant performance"; "a superb actor".
select quality prize prime choice of superior grade; "choice wines"; "prime beef"; "prize carnations"; "quality paper"; "select peaches".
splendid first-class fantabulous excellent very good;of the highest quality; "made an excellent speech"; "the school has excellent teachers"; "a first-class mind".
gilt-edged of the highest quality or value; "gilt-edged securities"; "gilt-edged credentials".
superlative sterling greatest highest in quality.
high-performance modified to give superior performance; "a high-performance car".
outstanding distinguished from others in excellence; "did outstanding work in human relations"; "an outstanding war record".
premium having or reflecting superior quality or value; "premium gasoline at a premium price".
pukka pucka absolutely first class and genuine; "pukka sahib"; "pukka quarters with a swarm of servants".
shining marked by exceptional merit; "had shining virtues and few faults"; "a shining example".
spiffing excellent or splendid; "that's a perfectly spiffing idea".
supreme highest in excellence or achievement; "supreme among musicians"; "a supreme endxxeavor"; "supreme courage".
topping top-hole top-flight excellent; best possible.
transcendent surpassing exceeding or surpassing usual limits especially in excellence.
weapons-grade of a quality adequate for use in weapons (especially in weapons of mass destruction); "weapons-grade plutonium"; "weapons-grade anthrax".
well-made skillfully constructed.
supported sustained or maintained by aid (as distinct from physical support); "a club entirely supported by membership dues"; "well-supported allegations".
supportive furnishing support or assistance; "a supportive family network"; "his family was supportive of his attempts to be a writer".
accessory accessary aiding and abetting in a crime; "he was charged with being accessory to the crime".
certificatory serving to certify or endorse authoritatively.
demonstrative_of serving to prove or demonstrate; "the oath of office is...demonstrative of the legislative opinion on this subject"- John Marshall.
surmountable capable of being surmounted or overcome; "situations of measurable and surmountable danger".
superable conquerable capable of being surmounted or excelled.
stunned astounded astonished astonied amazed filled with the emotional impact of overwhelming surprise or shock; "an amazed audience gave the magician a standing ovation"; "I stood enthralled, astonished by the vastness and majesty of the cathedral"; "astounded viewers wept at the pictures from the Oklahoma City bombing"; "stood in stunned silence"; "stunned scientists found not one but at least three viruses".
astonishing amazing surprising greatly; "she does an amazing amount of work"; "the dog was capable of astonishing tricks".
unsurprising not causing surprise.
susceptible (often followed by `of' or `to') yielding readily to or capable of; "susceptible to colds"; "susceptible of proof".
vaccinated immunized immunised having been rendered unsusceptible to a disease.
waxy impressionable impressible easily impressed or influenced; "an impressionable youngster"; "an impressionable age"; "a waxy mind".
easy readily exploited or tricked; "an easy victim"; "an easy mark".
spinnable capable or susceptible to being influenced by biased information.
susceptible easily impressed emotionally.
immune secure against; "immune from taxation as long as he resided in Bermuda"; "immune from criminal prosecution".
scheduled planned or scheduled for some certain time or times; "the scheduled meeting"; "the scheduled flights had to be cancelled because of snow".
sweetish somewhat sweet.
suspected believed likely; "a suspected thief"; "a suspected infection".
swept possessing sweep; "the sleek swept wings of the plane".
biradial showing both bilateral and radial symmetry; "some sea anemones are biradial".
sympathetic expressing or feeling or resulting from sympathy or compassion or friendly fellow feelings; disposed toward; "sympathetic to the students' cause"; "a sympathetic observer"; "a sympathetic gesture".
empathic empathetic showing empathy or ready comprehension of others' states; "a sensitive and empathetic school counselor".
contrary of words or propositions so related that both cannot be true but both may be false; "`hot' and `cold' are contrary terms".
voluble marked by a ready flow of speech; "she is an extremely voluble young woman who engages in soliloquies not conversations".
tactful having or showing a sense of what is fitting and considerate in dealing with others; "she was tactful enough not to shatter his illusion"; "a tactful remark eased her embarrassment".
discreet discerning unobtrusively perceptive and sympathetic; "a discerning editor"; "a discreet silence".
tall great in vertical dimension; high in stature; "tall people"; "tall buildings"; "tall trees"; "tall ships".
long-shanked long-legged leggy having long legs.
long of relatively great height; "a race of long gaunt men"- Sherwood Anderson; "looked out the long French windows".
statuesque stately of size and dignity suggestive of a statue.
tallish somewhat tall.
broken_in broken tamed or trained to obey; "a horse broken to the saddle"; "this old nag is well broken in".
cultivated no longer in the natural state; developed by human care and for human use; "cultivated roses"; "cultivated blackberries".
gentle docile easily handled or managed; "a gentle old horse, docile and obedient".
domesticated domestic converted or adapted to domestic use; "domestic animals"; "domesticated plants like maize".
tamed brought from wildness; "the once inhospitable landscape is now tamed".
semi-wild partially wild.
tame very restrained or quiet; "a tame Christmas party"; "she was one of the tamest and most abject creatures imaginable with no will or power to act but as directed".
unrestrained mad frantic excited delirious marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion; "a crowd of delirious baseball fans"; "something frantic in their gaiety"; "a mad whirl of pleasure".
touchable tangible perceptible by the senses especially the sense of touch; "skin with a tangible roughness".
realizable capable of being realized; "realizable benefits of the plan".
tasteful having or showing or conforming to good taste.
esthetic artistic aesthetic aesthetically pleasing; "an artistic flower arrangement".
unpretentious unostentatious understated exhibiting restrained good taste; "the room is pleasant and understated".
off-colour off-color indelicate in violation of good taste even verging on the indecent; "an indelicate remark"; "an off-color joke".
tasty pleasing to the sense of taste; "a tasty morsel".
nectarous ambrosian ambrosial extremely pleasing to the taste; sweet and fragrant; "a nectarous drink"; "ambrosial food".
choice appealing to refined taste; "choice wine".
dainty especially pleasing to the taste; "a dainty dish to set before a kind";.
yummy toothsome scrumptious pleasant-tasting luscious delicious delectable extremely pleasing to the sense of taste.
pungent acrid strong and sharp;"the pungent taste of radishes"; "the acrid smell of burning rubber".
strong-flavored having a strong taste.
assessable capable of being assessed especially for the purpose of taxation.
light7 abstemious marked by temperance in indulgence; "abstemious with the use of adverbs"; "a light eater"; "a light smoker"; "ate a light supper".
restrained moderate marked by avoidance of extravagance or extremes; "moderate in his demands"; "restrained in his response".
heavy4 big prodigious; "big spender"; "big eater"; "heavy investor".
cold-temperate the colder parts of temperate waters.
loose-jointed loosely articulated or constructed; "a loose-jointed paragraph".
tensionless free from tension.
nervous easily agitated; "a nervous addict"; "a nervous thoroughbred".
strained showing signs of mental and emotional tension; "her voice was strained as she asked the question".
degage free and relaxed in manner; "rather degage after the nervousness he had shown at dinner"- Edmund Wilson.
unstrained not placed under psychological stress; "the campaign would not leave party loyalties unstrained".
territorial displaying territoriality; defending a territory from intruders; "territorial behavior"; "strongly territorial birds".
four-ply having a thickness made up of four layers or strands; "four-ply yarns".
quilted made of layers of fabric held together by patterned stitching.
three-ply having a thickness made up of three layers or strands; "three-ply cloth"; "three-ply yarn".
two-ply having a thickness made up of two layers or strands.
flat compressed flattened laterally along the whole length (e.g., certain leafstalks or flatfishes).
depressed flattened downward as if pressed from above or flattened along the dorsal and ventral surfaces.
thready threadlike filiform filamentous filamentlike thin in diameter; resembling a thread.
fine thin in thickness or diameter; "a fine film of oil"; "fine hairs"; "read the fine print".
light6 very thin and insubstantial; "thin paper"; "light summer dresses".
hyperfine extremely fine or thin, as in a spectral line split into two or more components; "hyperfine structure".
papery thin and paperlike; "papery leaves"; "wasps that make nests of papery material".
ribbony ribbonlike long and thin; resembling a ribbon; "ribbonlike noodles".
tenuous very thin in gauge or diameter; "a tenuous thread".
wafer-thin very thin; "wafer-thin sheets of metal".
coagulable capable of coagulating and becoming thick.
viscous syrupy having a relatively high resistance to flow.
thinkable capable of being conceived or imagined or considered.
surmisable supposable presumable capable of being inferred on slight grounds.
unimaginable out_of_the_question inconceivable impossible totally unlikely.
thoughtful exhibiting or characterized by careful thought; "a thoughtful paper".
preoccupied lost deep_in_thought bemused deeply absorbed in thought; "as distant and bemused as a professor listening to the prattling of his freshman class"; "lost in thought"; "a preoccupied frown".
ruminative reflective pondering pensive musing meditative contemplative broody brooding deeply or seriously thoughtful; "Byron lives on not only in his poetry, but also in his creation of the 'Byronic hero' - the persona of a brooding melancholy young man";.
cogitative given to cogitation; "he looked at me with cogitative eyes".
well_thought_out resulting from careful thought; "the paper was well thought out".
deliberative involved in or characterized by deliberation and discussion and examination; "a deliberative body".
excogitative concerned with excogitating or having the power of excogitation.
thoughtless showing lack of careful thought; "the debate turned into thoughtless bickering".
thrifty careful and diligent in the use of resources.
penny-wise thrifty in small matters only.
saving characterized by thriftiness; "wealthy by inheritance but saving by constitution"- Ellen Glasgow.
tidy marked by order and cleanliness in appearance or habits; "a tidy person"; "a tidy house"; "a tidy mind".
trim trig clean-cut neat and smart in appearance; "a clean-cut and well-bred young man"; "the trig corporal in his jaunty cap"; "a trim beard".
orderly neat clean or organized; "her neat dress"; "a neat room".
neat showing care in execution; "neat homework"; "neat handwriting".
ruly neat and tidy; "a small ruly beard".
slicked_up having been made especially tidy; "slicked up for visitors".
groomed neat and smart in appearance; well cared for; "the manager was a beautifully groomed young man"; "his horse was always groomed".
brushed (of hair or clothing) groomed with a brush; "with shining hair neatly brushed"; "the freshly brushed clothes hung in the closet".
tidy kempt (of hair) neat and tidy; "a nicely kempt beard".
pomaded (of hair) groomed with pomade; "pomaded hair".
sleek well-groomed and neatly tailored; especially too well-groomed; "sleek figures in expensive clothes".
well-groomed well-dressed having tasteful clothing and being scrupulously neat.
shaggy-haired shaggy-coated shaggy bushy used of hair; thick and poorly groomed; "bushy locks"; "a shaggy beard".
combed (of hair) made tidy with a comb; "with hair combed to the side".
toned having or distinguished by a tone; often used in combination; "full-toned"; "silver-toned".
tired depleted of strength or energy; "tired mothers with crying babies"; "too tired to eat".
weary aweary physically and mentally fatigued; "`aweary' is archaic".
worn_out worn-out washed-out spent played_out fatigued fagged exhausted dog-tired drained of energy or effectiveness; extremely tired; completely exhausted; "the day's shopping left her exhausted"; "he went to bed dog-tired"; "was fagged and sweaty"; "the trembling of his played out limbs"; "felt completely washed-out"; "only worn-out horses and cattle"; "you look worn out".
rested not tired; refreshed as by sleeping or relaxing; "came back rested from her vacation".
reinvigorated refreshed invigorated fresh with restored energy.
unweary unwearied untired with unreduced energy.
tolerable capable of being borne or endured; "the climate is at least tolerable".
unsufferable unacceptable insufferable impossible used of persons or their behavior; "impossible behavior"; "insufferable insolence".
tolerant showing respect for the rights or opinions or practices of others.
toned having or characterized or distinguished by tone or a specific tone; often used in combination; "full-toned"; "shrill-toned"; "deep-toned".
toothy having or showing prominent teeth; "a toothy smile".
crowning forming or providing a crown or summit; "the crowning star on a Christmas tree"; "her hair was her crowning glory".
upper the topmost one of two.
nethermost lowermost bottommost farthest down; "bottommost shelf".
sidelong lateral situated at or extending to the side; "the lateral branches of a tree"; "shot out sidelong boughs"- Tennyson.
topless having no top; "a topless jar".
round-bottomed round-bottom having a rounded bottom; "round-bottom flasks".
top-down of an approach to a problem that begins at the highest conceptual level and works down to the details; "a top-down analysis might begin by looking at macro-economic trends"; "top-down programming".
bottom-up of an approach to a problem that begins with details and works up to the highest conceptual level; "bottom-up parser"; "a bottom-up model of the reading process".
testate having made a legally valid will before death.
flaky flakey made of or easily forming flakes.
toughened tough physically toughened; "the tough bottoms of his feet".
inured hardened enured made tough by habitual exposure; "hardened fishermen"; "a peasant, dark, lean-faced, wind-inured"- Robert Lynd; "our successors...may be graver, more inured and equable men"- V.S.Pritchett.
weather-beaten tanned and coarsened from being outdoors; "a weather-beaten face".
tender given to sympathy or gentleness or sentimentality; "a tender heart"; "a tender smile"; "tender loving care"; "tender memories"; "a tender mother".
sentimental given to or marked by sentiment or sentimentality.
cyanogenic cyanogenetic capable of producing cyanide; "amygdalin is a cyanogenetic glucoside".
tractable manipulable easily managed (controlled or taught or molded); "tractable young minds"; "the natives...being...of an intelligent tractable disposition"- Samuel Butler.
malleable ductile easily influenced.
teachable docile ready and willing to be taught; "docile pupils eager for instruction"; "teachable youngsters".
tameable tamable capable of being tamed.
trackable traceable capable of being traced or tracked; "a traceable riverbed"; "the traceable course of an ancient wall".
trimmed cut made neat and tidy by trimming; "his neatly trimmed hair".
clipped cut or trimmed by clipping; "a handsome man with a clipped moustache"; "clipped hedges"; "close-clipped lawns"; "a clipped poodle".
tormented hagridden hag-ridden tormented or harassed by nightmares or unreasonable fears; "hagridden...by visions of an imminent heaven or hell upon earth"- C.S.Lewis.
haunted showing emotional affliction or disquiet; "her expression became progressively more haunted".
unworried carefree free of trouble and worry and care; "the carefree joys of childhood"; "carefree millionaires, untroubled financially".
unconcerned easy in mind; not worried; "the prisoner seems entirely unconcerned as to the outcome of the examination".
true consistent with fact or reality; not false; "the story is true"; "it is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatever for supposing it true"- B. Russell; "the true meaning of the statement".
real literal genuine actual being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something; "her actual motive"; "a literal solitude like a desert"- G.K.Chesterton; "a genuine dilemma".
apodictic apodeictic of a proposition; necessarily true or logically certain.
truthful conforming to truth; "I wouldn't have told you this if it weren't so"; "a truthful statement".
trusting trustful inclined to believe or confide readily; full of trust; "great brown eye, true and trustful"- Nordhoff & Hall.
confiding willing to entrust personal matters; "first she was suspicious, then she became confiding".
distrustful having or showing distrust; "a man of distrustful nature"; "my experience...in other fields of law has made me distrustful of rules of thumb generally"- B.N.Cardozo; "vigilant and distrustful superintendence"- Thomas Jefferson.
skeptical sceptical questioning doubting marked by or given to doubt; "a skeptical attitude"; "a skeptical listener".
trusty trustworthy worthy of trust or belief; "a trustworthy report"; "an experienced and trustworthy traveling companion".
reliable authentic conforming to fact and therefore worthy of belief; "an authentic account by an eyewitness"; "reliable information".
responsible creditworthy having an acceptable credit rating; "a responsible borrower".
true reliable honest dependable worthy of being depended on; "a dependable worker"; "an honest working stiff"; "a reliable sourcSFLe of information"; "he was true to his word"; "I would be true for there are those who trust me".
fiducial based on trust.
trusted sure (of persons) worthy of trust or confidence; "a sure (or trusted) friend".
typical exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify a group or kind or category; "a typical American girl"; "a typical suburban community"; "the typical car owner drives 10,000 miles a year"; "a painting typical of the Impressionist school"; "a typical romantic poem"; "a typical case of arteritis".
typic exemplary emblematic being or serving as an illustration of a type; "the free discussion that is emblematic of democracy"; "an action exemplary of his conduct";.
veritable regular often used as intensifiers; "a regular morass of details"; "a regular nincompoop"; "he's a veritable swine".
true conforming to definitive criteria; "the horseshoe crab is not a true crab"; "Pythagoras was the first true mathematician".
submersible submergible capable of being immersed in water or functioning while submerged; "a submersible pump"; "a submergible electric frying pan".
tearless dry-eyed free from tears.
uniparous producing only one offspring at a time.
multiparous producing more than one offspring at a time.
twinning biparous producing two offspring at a time.
bipolar having two poles.
janus-faced having or concerned with polarities or contrasts; "a Janus-faced view of history"; "a Janus-faced policy".
tied bound together by or as if by a strong rope; especially as by a bond of affection; "people tied by blood or marriage".
bifid divided into two lobes; "a bifid petal".
trifid divided into three lobes; "trifid petals".
two-pronged having two prongs.
falling dropping coming down freely under the influence of gravity; "the eerie whistle of dropping bombs"; "falling rain".
up improving getting higher or more vigorous; "its an up market"; "an improving economy".
anticlimactic coming after the climax especially of a dramatic or narrative plot; "everything after the discovery of the murderer was anticlimactic".
upmarket designed for consumers with high incomes; "he turned up in well-cut clothes...and upmarket felt hats"- New Yorker.
upscale appropriate for people with good incomes; "an upscale neighborhood"; "an upscale motel".
translatable capable of being put into another form or style or language; "substances readily translatable to the American home table"; "his books are eminently translatable".
solid-hoofed having solid hooves.
upbound heading in any direction that is conventionally up; "upbound shipping lanes".
downbound heading in any direction that is conventionally down; "a downbound channel"; "the downbound train".
abused used improperly or excessively especially drugs; "an abused substance".
victimized victimised used put-upon ill-used exploited of persons; taken advantage of; "after going out of his way to help his friend get the job he felt not appreciated but used".
reusable recyclable reclaimable capable of being used again.
serviceable capable of being put to good use; "a serviceable kitchen gadget".
utilitarian having utility often to the exclusion of values; "plain utilitarian kitchenware".
utilizable capable of being put to a profitable or practical use.
valid well grounded in logic or truth or having legal force; "a valid inference"; "a valid argument"; "a valid contract".
sound legal effectual having legal efficacy or force; "a sound title to the property".
validated declared or made legally valid; "a validated claim".
blue-chip extremely valuable; "Rembrandt is considered a blue-chip artist".
priceless invaluable having incalculable monetary, intellectual, or spiritual worth.
precious of high worth or cost; "diamonds, sapphires, rubies, and emeralds are precious stones".
rich of great worth or quality; "a rich collection of antiques".
chaffy value; "an empty chaffy book by a foolish chaffy fellow".
sorry no-good no-count no-account meritless good-for-nothing good-for-naught without merit; "a sorry horse"; "a sorry excuse"; "a lazy no-count, good-for-nothing goldbrick"; "the car was a no-good piece of junk".
nugatory of no real value; "a nugatory law".
valueless of no value.
variable liable to or capable of change; "rainfall in the tropics is notoriously variable"; "variable winds"; "variable expenses".
versatile changeable or inconstant; "versatile moods".
unvarying invariant constant changeless unvarying in nature; "maintained a constant temperature"; "principles of unvarying validity".
strict hard-and-fast (of rules) stringently enforced; "hard-and-fast rules".
invariant unaffected by a designated operation or transformation.
multifarious multifaceted miscellaneous many-sided having many aspects; "a many-sided subject"; "a multifaceted undertaking"; "multifarious interests"; "the multifarious noise of a great city"; "a miscellaneous crowd".
disclosed made known (especially something secret or concealed); "the disclosed purpose of their wicked plan".
violent acting with or marked by or resulting from great force or energy or emotional intensity; "a violent attack"; "a violent person"; "violent feelings"; "a violent rage"; "felt a violent dislike".
peaceful passive peacefully resistant in response to injustice; "passive resistance".
virtuous morally excellent.
sinless innocent impeccant free from sin.
visible seeable capable of being seen; or open to easy view; "a visible object"; "visible stars"; "mountains visible in the distance"; "a visible change of expression"; "visible files".
viewable capable of being viewed.
lightless giving no light; "lightless stars `visible' only to radio antennae".
undetectable not easily seen.
nonvolatilizable nonvolatilisable nonvolatile not volatilizing readily; "a nonvolatile acid".
voluntary of your own free will or design; done by choice; not forced or compelled; "man is a voluntary agent"; "participation was voluntary"; "voluntary manslaughter"; "voluntary generosity in times of disaster"; "voluntary social workers"; "a voluntary confession".
freewill done of your own accord; "a freewill offering".
volunteer unpaid without payment; "the soup kitchen was run primarily by unpaid helpers"; "a volunteer fire department".
forced forced or compelled; "promised to abolish forced labor".
vulnerable susceptible to attack; "a vulnerable bridge".
penetrable capable of being penetrated; "penetrable defenses".
invulnerable immune to attack; impregnable; "gunners raked the beach from invulnerable positions on the cliffs".
shellproof bombproof able to resist the explosive force of bombs and shells; "bombproof shelter".
defensible defendable capable of being defended.
unattackable unassailable strong secure inviolable impregnable immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with; "an impregnable fortress"; "fortifications that made the frontier inviolable"; "a secure telephone connection".
tight set so close together as to be invulnerable to penetration; "in tight formation"; "a tight blockade".
wanted desired or wished for or sought; "couldn't keep her eyes off the wanted toy"; "a wanted criminal"; "a wanted poster".
desired craved wanted intensely; "the child could no longer resist taking one of the craved cookies"; "it produced the desired effect".
yearned-for wished-for longed-for greatly desired.
sought-after sought being searched for; "the most sought-after item was the silver candelabrum".
abdicable capable of being discarded or renounced or relinquished; "abdicable responsibilites".
warm having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat; "a warm body"; "a warm room"; "a warm climate"; "a warm coat".
warmed having been warmed up; "a cup of warmed milk".
cool neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat; "a cool autumn day"; "a cool room"; "cool summer dresses"; "cool drinks"; "a cool breeze".
caller providing coolness; "a cooling breeze"; "`caller' is a Scottish term as in `a caller breeze'".
hearty showing warm and heartfelt friendliness; "gave us a cordial reception"; "a hearty welcome".
warmhearted marked by warmth of feeling like kindness and sympathy and generosity; "gave a warmhearted welcome to the stranger".
brittle lacking warmth and generosity of spirit; "a brittle and calculating woman".
washable capable of being washed without injury; "washable woolens"; "acrylic blankets are both warm and washable".
maximizing maximising making as great as possible.
profit-maximizing profit-maximising making the profit as great as possible; "the profit-maximizing price".
raising increasing in quantity or value; "a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate".
diminishing becoming smaller or less or appearing to do so; "diminishing returns"; "his diminishing respect for her".
allargando gradually decreasing in tempo and broadening in manner.
deflationary associated with or tending to cause decreases in consumer prices or increases in the purchasing power of money; "deflationary measures".
wearable suitable for wear or able to be worn; "wearable evening clothes"; "a wearable hearing aid".
weedless free from weeds; "a weedless garden".
welcome giving pleasure or satisfaction or received with pleasure or freely granted; "a welcome relief"; "a welcome guest"; "made the children feel welcome"; "you are welcome to join us".
well in good health especially after having suffered illness or injury; "appears to be entirely well"; "the wound is nearly well"; "a well man"; "I think I'm well; at least I feel well".
recovered healed cured freed from illness or injury; "the patient appears cured"; "the incision is healed"; "appears to be entirely recovered"; "when the recovered patient tries to remember what occurred during his delirium"- Normon Cameron.
recovering convalescent returning to health after illness or debility; "convalescent children are difficult to keep in bed".
sneezy inclined to sneeze.
soppy sodden wet through and through; thoroughly wet; "stood at the door drenched (or soaked) by the rain"; "the speaker's sodden collar"; "soppy clothes".
humid containing or characterized by a great deal of water vapor; "humid air"; "humid weather".
sticky steamy muggy hot or warm and humid; "muggy weather"; "the steamy tropics"; "sticky weather".
dried-out desiccated thoroughly dried out; "old boxes of desiccated Cuban cigars"; "dried-out boards beginning to split".
thirsty needing moisture; "thirsty fields under a rainless sky".
wholesome conducive to or characteristic of physical or moral well-being; "wholesome attitude"; "wholesome appearance"; "wholesome food".
nutritive nutritious nutrient nourishing alimentary alimental of or providing nourishment; "good nourishing stew".
salubrious healthy good_for_you promoting health; healthful; "a healthy diet"; "clean healthy air"; "plenty of healthy sleep"; "healthy and normal outlets for youthful energy"; "the salubrious mountain air and water"- C.B.Davis; "carrots are good for you".
substantial square solid satisfying hearty providing abundant nourishment; "a hearty meal"; "good solid food"; "ate a substantial breakfast"; "four square meals a day".
organic of or relating to foodstuff grown or raised without synthetic fertilizers or pesticides or hormones; "organic eggs"; "organic vegetables"; "organic chicken".
salubrious favorable to health of mind or body; "not the most salubrious campsite"; "one of the less salubrious suburbs".
wide broad having great (or a certain) extent from one side to the other; "wide roads"; "a wide necktie"; "wide margins"; "three feet wide"; "a river two miles broad"; "broad shoulders"; "a broad river".
beamy broad in the beam; "a beamy cargo ship".
broad-brimmed (of hats) having a broad brim.
narrowing constrictive constricting (of circumstances) tending to constrict freedom.
narrow-mouthed having a narrow mouth.
thin slender very narrow; "a thin line across the page".
tapering tapered narrowing becoming gradually narrower; "long tapering fingers"; "trousers with tapered legs".
comfortable more than adequate; "the home team had a comfortable lead".
unwieldy unmanageable difficult to use or handle or manage because of size or weight or shape; "we set about towing the unwieldy structure into the shelter"; "almost dropped the unwieldy parcel".
willing disposed or inclined toward; "a willing participant"; "willing helpers".
consenting having given consent; "consenting adults".
prepared inclined fain disposed having made preparations; "prepared to take risks".
happy glad eagerly disposed to act or to be of service; "glad to help".
ready mentally disposed; "he was ready to believe her".
slender-winged having slender wings.
wise having or prompted by wisdom or discernment; "a wise leader"; "a wise and perceptive comment".
omniscient all-knowing infinitely wise.
sapient sagacious perspicacious acutely insightful and wise; "much too perspicacious to be taken in by such a spurious argument"; "observant and thoughtful, he was given to asking sagacious questions"; "a source of valuable insights and sapient advice to educators".
owlish resembling an owl; solemn and wise in appearance.
sapiential characterized by wisdom, especially the wisdom of God; "a sapiential government".
sage having wisdom that comes with age and experience.
foolish devoid of good sense or judgment; "foolish remarks"; "a foolish decision".
ridiculous preposterous nonsensical ludicrous laughable idiotic derisory cockeyed absurd incongruous;inviting ridicule; "the absurd excuse that the dog ate his homework"; "that's a cockeyed idea"; "ask a nonsensical question and get a nonsensical answer"; "a contribution so small as to be laughable"; "it is ludicrous to call a cottage a mansion"; "a preposterous attempt to turn back the pages of history"; "her conceited assumption of universal interest in her rather dull children was ridiculous".
vacuous mindless inane fatuous asinine devoid of intelligence.
mad insane harebrained very foolish; "harebrained ideas"; "took insane risks behind the wheel"; "a completely mad scheme to build a bridge between two mountains".
unwise showing or resulting from lack of judgment or wisdom; "an unwise investor is soon impoverished".
material concerned with worldly rather than spiritual interests; "material possessions"; "material wealth"; "material comforts".
worldly-minded mercenary materialistic marked by materialism.
terrestrial mundane concerned with the world or worldly matters; "mundane affairs"; "he developed an immense terrestrial practicality".
hermitical hermitic eremitical eremitic anchoritic characterized by ascetic solitude; "the eremitic element in the life of a religious colony"; "his hermitic existence".
unearthly spiritual concerned with or affecting the spirit or soul; "a spiritual approach to life"; "spiritual fulfillment"; "spiritual values"; "unearthly love".
unmercenary not mercenary; not influenced by financial gains.
tatty shabby ratty moth-eaten showing signs of wear and tear; "a ratty old overcoat"; "shabby furniture"; "an old house with dirty windows and tatty curtains".
well-worn showing signs of much wear or use.
new unaffected by use or exposure; "it looks like new".
worthy having worth or merit or value; being honorable or admirable; "a worthy fellow"; "a worthy cause".
praiseworthy laudable commendable applaudable worthy of high praise; "applaudable efforts to save the environment"; "a commendable sense of purpose"; "laudable motives of improving housing conditions"; "a significant and praiseworthy increase in computer intelligence".
creditable worthy of often limited commendation; "the student's effort on the essay--though not outstanding--was creditable".
cum_laude with honor; with academic distinction; "a cum laude graduate".
worth deserving worthy of being treated in a particular way; "an idea worth considering"; "the deserving poor" (often used ironically).
model exemplary worthy of imitation; "exemplary behavior"; "model citizens".
magna_cum_laude with high honor; with high academic distinction; "a magna cum laude graduate".
meritorious meritable deserving reward or praise; "a lifetime of meritorious service"; "meritorious conduct".
noteworthy notable worthy of notice; "a noteworthy advance in cancer research".
quotable suitable for or worthy of quotation; "a quotable slogan"; "his remarks are not quotable in mixed company".
sacred worthy of respect or dedication; "saw motherhood as woman's sacred calling".
summa_cum_laude with highest honor; with the highest academic distinction; "a summa cum laude graduate".
valued precious held in great esteem for admirable qualities especially of an intrinsic nature; "a valued friend"; "precious memories".
worthful valuable having worth or merit or value; "a valuable friend"; "a good and worthful man".
worthwhile sufficiently valuable to justify the investment of time or interest; "a worthwhile book".
unworthy lacking in value or merit; "dispel a student whose conduct is deemed unworthy"; "unworthy of forgiveness".
unmeritorious without merit; "protect...from unmeritorious criticism".
reentrant re-entrant (of angles) pointing inward; "a polygon with re-entrant angles".
categorematic of a term or phrase capable of standing as the subject or (especially) the predicate of a proposition.
malignant dangerous to health; characterized by progressive and uncontrolled growth (especially of a tumor).
long-spurred of flowers having a long extension at the base of the corolla.
square-jawed having a relatively square jaw.
smooth-skinned having smooth skin.
flowering having a flower or bloom; "a flowering plant".
nonflowering flowerless without flower or bloom and not producing seeds; "a flowerless plant".
spore-bearing bearing spores instead of producing seeds.
abient characterized by avoidance or withdrawal.
acidotic having or being characterized by acidosis.
aculeated aculeate having or resembling a stinger or barb; "aculeate insects such as bees and wasps".
antheridial relating to or characterized by an antheridium.
antiviral inhibiting or stopping the growth and reproduction of viruses.
alkalotic marked by alkalosis (or a tendency toward alkalosis).
allantoic relating to or characterized by an allantois.
allotropical allotropic of or related to or exhibiting allotropism; "carbon and sulfur and phosphorus are allotropic elements".
amniotic amnionic amnic of or related to the amnion or characterized by developing an amnion; "amniotic membrane".
amoristic of or pertaining to romantic love.
amygdaline related to or resembling an almond.
anaclitic of or related to relationships that are characterized by the strong dependence of one person on another.
anglophilic characterized by Anglophilia.
anglophobic characterized by Anglophobia.
anguine of or related to or resembling a snake.
anisometropic relating to a difference in the refractive power of the two eyes.
anxiolytic anxiety relieving.
apothegmatical apothegmatic given to or characterized by terse apothegms.
appalachian in or relating to Appalachia.
archangelical archangelic of or relating to or resembling archangels.
archiepiscopal archepiscopal of or associated with an archbishop; "an archiepiscopal see".
asteriated (of some crystals especially gemstones) exhibiting asterism.
stored-program of or concerning programs stored in the computer's own memory.
aural relating to or characterized by an aura; "various aural effects that precede a migraine headache".
autarkical autarchical autarchic of or relating to or characterized by autarchy.
avuncular resembling a uncle in kindness or indulgence.
award-winning having received awards; "this award-winning bridge spans a distance of five miles".
baboonish resembling a baboon.
balletic characteristic of or resembling or suitable for ballet.
basidial relating to or characterized by basidia.
behaviouristic behaviourist behavioristic behaviorist of or relating to behaviorism; "behavioristic psychology".
beneficiary having or arising from a benefice; "a beneficiary baron".
benevolent intending or showing kindness; "a benevolent society".
cairned marked by cairns.
chalky calcareous composed of or containing or resembling calcium carbonate or calcite or chalk.
calciferous bearing or producing or containing calcium or calcium carbonate or calcite.
calico made of calico or resembling calico in being patterned; "calico dresses"; "a calico cat".
carbocyclic having or relating to or characterized by a ring composed of carbon atoms.
carposporous having carpospores.
katabolic catabolic relating to or characterized by catabolism.
catachrestical catachrestic constituting or characterized by or given to catachresis.
catkinate resembling a catkin.
charitable relating to or characterized by charity; "a charitable foundation".
chelated chelate relating to or characterized by chelation.
childbearing relating to or suitable for childbirth; "of childbearing age".
wilsonian of or relating to or suggestive of Woodrow Wilson.
cloze based on or being a test of reading skill using the cloze procedure.
configurational of or relating to or characterized by configuration.
consonantal relating to or having the nature of a consonant.
constitutional of benefit to or intended to benefit your physical makeup; "constitutional walk".
corymbose resembling a corymb.
covalent of or relating to or characterized by covalence; "covalent bond".
croupy resembling or arising from or indicating croup.
cyclic conforming to the Carnot cycle.
deliverable suitable for or ready for delivery.
despotical despotic belonging to or having the characteristics of a despot.
diagonalizable capable of being transformed into a diagonal matrix.
sudorific diaphoretic inducing perspiration.
differential relating to or showing a difference; "differential treatment".
digital displaying numbers rather than scale positions; "digital clock"; "digital readout".
dithyrambic of or in the manner of a dithyramb.
ectopic exhibiting ectopia.
electromotive concerned with or producing electric current.
equine resembling a horse.
excrescent forming an outgrowth (usually an excessive outgrowth).
fermentable capable of being fermented.
fibrinous characterized by the presence of fibrin.
filarial related to or infested with or transmitting parasitic worms especially filaria.
flaky flakey made of or resembling flakes; "flaky soap".
flinty containing flint.
flowery of or relating to or suggestive of flowers; "a flowery hat"; "flowery wine".
forcipate shaped like a forceps; deeply forked.
formulary of or relating to or of the nature of a formula.
fretted having frets.
gemmiferous bearing or reproducing by a gemma.
heterosporous characterized by heterospory.
homosporous characterized by homospory.
hircine of or pertaining to or suggestive of a goat (especially in strong odor).
humanistic humanist of or pertaining to a philosophy asserting human dignity and man's capacity for fulfillment through reason and scientific method and often rejecting religion; "the humanist belief in continuous emergent evolution"- Wendell Thomas.
hydrocephalic relating to or characterized by or evidencing hydrocephalus.
hydrolyzable capable of undergoing hydrolysis.
idiopathic (of diseases) arising from an unknown cause; "idiopathic epilepsy".
immunosuppressed of persons whose immune response is inadequate.
inductive arising from inductance; "inductive reactance".
informational relating to or having the nature of information.
jittery characterized by jerky movements; "a jittery ride".
lactogenic inducing lactation.
leguminous relating to or consisting of legumes.
presocratic pre-socratic before the time of Socrates.
neotenous neotenic of or relating to or characterized by neoteny; "neotenic development".
packable capable of being packed.
peaty of or pertaining to or of the nature of peat.
petaloid resembling a flower petal.
phagocytic capable of functioning as a phagocyte.
penicillin-resistant unaffected by penicillin; "penicillin-resistant bacteria".
pleomorphic relating to or characterized by pleomorphism.
politically_correct exhibiting political correctness.
politically_incorrect exhibiting political incorrectness.
positionable capable of being positioned.
propagative characterized by propagation or relating to propagation.
refractive refractile of or relating to or capable of refraction; "the refractive characteristics of the eye".
resinlike resembling resin in properties or texture.
self-induced produced by electrical self-induction.
seminiferous bearing or producing seed or semen; "seminiferous tubules".
semiparasitic of or relating to plants that are semiparasites.
sporogenous producing spores or reproducing by means of spores.
sportive relating to or interested in sports.
stagflationary characteristic of or promoting stagflation.
stainable capable of being stained (especially of cells and cell parts).
stellar astral being or relating to or resembling or emanating from stars; "an astral body"; "stellar light".
suctorial adapted for sucking or clinging by suction.
suppurative relating to or characterized by suppuration.
sustainable capable of being sustained.
syncretistical syncretistic syncretical syncretic of or characterized by syncretism.
technical proficient of or relating to technique or proficiency in a practical skill; "his technical innovation was his brushwork"; "the technical dazzle of her dancing".
technophilic of or relating to or showing technophilia.
technophobic of or relating to or showing technophobia.
testimonial expressing admiration or appreciation; "testimonial dinner".
tonic tonal employing variations in pitch to distinguish meanings of otherwise similar words; "Chinese is a tonal language".
tortious of or pertaining to the nature of a tort; "tortious acts".
unitary relating to or characterized by or aiming toward unity; "the unitary principles of nationalism"; "a unitary movement in politics".
usufructuary of or relating to the nature of a usufruct.
vibrational of or relating to or characterized by vibration.
vicennial occurring once every 20 years.
virginal characteristic of a virgin or virginity; "virginal white dresses".
vitreous of or relating to or constituting the vitreous humor of the eye; "the vitreous chamber".
electrical electric using or providing or producing or transmitting or operated by electricity; "electric current"; "electric wiring"; "electrical appliances"; "an electrical storm".
interlocutory consisting of dialogue.
isomorphous isomorphic having similar appearance but genetically different.
lysogenic capable of producing or undergoing lysis.
fungicidal antifungal capable of destroying fungi.
antibacterial destroying bacteria or inhibiting their growth.
triangulate composed of or marked with triangles.
revolutionary relating to or having the nature of a revolution; "revolutionary wars"; "the Revolutionary era".
professional of or relating to or suitable as a profession; "professional organizations"; "a professional field such as law".
fiscal financial involving financial matters; "fiscal responsibility".
fiduciary fiducial relating to or of the nature of a legal trust (i.e. the holding of something in trust for another); "a fiduciary contract"; "in a fiduciary capacity"; "fiducial power".
hemiparasitic of or relating to plants that are hemiparasites.
chylific chylifactory chylifactive producing or converting into chyle.
biblical in keeping with the nature of the Bible or its times or people; "biblical styles in writing"; "a beard of biblical proportions"; "biblical costumes".
polyphonous polyphonic of or relating to or characterized by polyphony; "polyphonic traditions of the baroque".
polyphonic having two or more phonetic values; "polyphonic letters such as `a'".
poetic of or relating to poets; "poetic insight".
personal of or arising from personality; "personal magnetism".
acronymous acronymic characterized by the use of acronyms.
eukaryotic eucaryotic having cells with `good' or membrane-bound nuclei.
mystical mystic relating to or resembling mysticism; "mystical intuition"; "mystical theories about the securities market".
metaphysical pertaining to or of the nature of metaphysics; "metaphysical philosophy".
mercurial relating to or having characteristics (eloquence, shrewdness, swiftness, thievishness) attributed to the god Mercury; "more than Mercurial thievishness".
messianic of or relating to a messiah promising deliverance; "messianic cult".
musical characterized by or capable of producing music; "a musical evening"; "musical instruments".
gustatory gustatorial gustative of or relating to gustation.
binocular relating to both eyes; "binocular vision".
transuranic having an atomic number greater than 92.
neurogenic arising in or stimulated by nerve tissues.
sexual of or relating to or characterized by sexuality; "sexual orientation"; "sexual distinctions".
statuary of or relating to or suitable for statues.
factual of or relating to or characterized by facts; "factual considerations".
machine_readable computer_readable suitable for feeding directly into a computer.
macromolecular relating to or consisting of or characterized by macromolecules; "macromolecular compounds".
administrative of or relating to or responsible for administration.
supervisory of or limited to or involving supervision; "in a supervisory capacity".
neuropsychological of or concerned with neuropsychology.
calligraphical calligraphic of or relating to or expressed in calligraphy.
rational capable of being expressed as a quotient of integers; "rational numbers".
ovular being or of the nature of an ovule.
mathematical of or pertaining to or of the nature of mathematics; "a mathematical textbook"; "slide rules and other mathematical instruments"; "a mathematical solution to a problem"; "mathematical proof".
expansionist of or involving or guided by expansionism.
etiological etiologic aetiological aetiologic relating to the etiology of a disease; "etiological agent".
transitional of or relating to or characterized by transition; "adolescence is a transitional stage between childhood and adulthood".
interlobular between lobes or lobules.
intralobular inside lobes or lobules.
euphonical euphonic of or relating to or characterized by euphony.
orchestrated arranged for performance by an orchestra.
diagnostic concerned with diagnosis; used for furthering diagnosis; "a diagnostic reading test".
catechistic catechetic of or relating to or resembling a rigorous catechism; "the catechistic method".
emotional of or pertaining to emotion; "emotional health"; "an emotional crisis".
mutafacient capable of inducing mutation (used mainly of intracellular agents).
mutagenic capable of inducing mutation (used mainly of extracellular factors such as X-rays or chemical pollution).
naturistic in accord with naturism.
parabolical parabolic resembling or expressed by parables.
quintessential representing the perfect example of a class or quality.
rotary relating to or characterized by rotation; "rotary dial".
epicurean of Epicurus or epicureanism; "Epicurean philosophy".
holographical holographic written entirely in one's own hand; "holographic document".
canonical canonic of or relating to or required by canon law.
philanthropic of or relating to or characterized by philanthropy; "a philanthropic society".
emphysematous relating to or resembling or being emphysema.
atrophic relating to or characterized by atrophy; "atrophic arthritis".
biflagellate having two flagella; "a biflagellate zoospore".
sapphirine made of or resembling sapphire.
propagandistic propagandist of or relating to or characterized by propaganda.
pianistic skilled at or adapted for the piano; "pianistic abilities".
audenesque in the manner of W. H. Auden.
gauguinesque in the manner of Paul Gauguin.
hemingwayesque in the manner of Ernest Hemingway.
hugoesque in the manner of Victor Hugo.
kiplingesque in the manner of Rudyard Kipling.
leonardesque in the manner of Leonardo da Vinci.
michelangelesque in the manner of Michelangelo.
rembrandtesque in the manner of Rembrandt.
voltarian voltarean in the manner of Voltaire.
wordsworthian in the manner of William Wordsworth.
wittgensteinian in the manner of Ludwig Wittgenstein.
yeatsian in the manner of William Butler Yeats.
zolaesque in the manner of Emile Zola.
bladdery bladderlike resembling a bladder.
bladed bearing or characterized by a blade or sword; often used in combination; "he fought on, broken-bladed but unbowed".
bungaloid characterized by bungalows; "the bungaloid suburbs".
cannibalistic characteristic of cannibals or exhibiting cannibalism; "cannibalistic behavior".
catatonic characterized by catatonia especially either rigidity or extreme laxness of limbs.
wrinkleproof wrinkle-resistant creaseproof crease-resistant of fabric that does not wrinkle easily.
daisylike resembling a daisy.
ducal of or belonging to or suitable for a duke; "ducal palace".
fatalistic fatalist of or relating to fatalism; "a fatalist person".
gyroscopic having the characteristics of a gyroscope.
hiplength hip-length extending to or just over the hips; "a hiplength jacket".
homiletical homiletic of the nature of a homily or sermon.
lenten of or relating to or suitable for Lent; "lenten food".
milch giving milk; bred or suitable primarily for milk production; "milch goats, milch camels".
nectariferous possessing nectaries.
nectar-rich of plants that are rich in nectar.
nodular relating to or characterized by or having nodules; "Nodular vaginitis".
indicative declarative relating to the mood of verbs that is used simple in declarative statements; "indicative mood".
purifying purging purgatorial serving to purge or rid of sin; "purgatorial rites".
ritualistic of or characterized by or adhering to ritualism; "a feudal or ritualistic society"; "the ritualistic killing of a sheep".
stipendiary pertaining to or of the nature of a stipend or allowance; "stipendiary funds".
thespian of or relating to drama; "the movie director had thespian cooperation".
zonary zonal relating to or of the nature of a zone; "the zonal frontier".
philhellenic philhellene graecophilic graecophile characterized by a love of Greece and Grecian things; "the Philhellenic Society".
boreal relating to or marked by qualities associated with the north wind.
phyllodial having a phyllode.
faustian pertaining to or resembling or befitting Faust or Faustus especially in insatiably striving for worldly knowledge and power even at the price of spiritual values; "a Faustian pact with the Devil".
invitational pertaining to or characteristic of an invitation.
involucrate having an involucre.
shaped having the shape of; "a square shaped playing field".
striate marked with stria or striations.
onomatopoetic onomatopoeic of or relating to or characterized by onomatopoeia.
accessional of or constituting an accession.
subclavian situated beneath the clavicle.
ulcerative of or relating to or characterized by ulceration; "ulcerative colitis".
undulatory undulant resembling waves in form or outline or motion.
salvific pertaining to the power of salvation or redemption.
wedge-shaped cuneiform cuneal shaped like a wedge.
graduated calibrated marked with or divided into degrees; "a calibrated thermometer".
hammered shaped or worked with a hammer and often showing hammer marks; "a bowl of hammered brass".
malted of grain that has been converted into malt; "malted barley".
unmalted of grain that has not been converted into malt; "unmalted barley".
ranging wandering freely; "at night in bed...his slowly ranging thoughts...encountered her".
sanitized sanitised made sanitary.
tittering thoriated being or sounding of nervous or suppressed laughter.
transpiring that is passing through; "transpiring gas".
natural_object an object occurring naturally; not made by man.
state the way something is with respect to its main attributes; "the current state of knowledge"; "his state of health"; "in a weak financial state".
phase_space (physics) an ideal space in which the coordinate dimensions represent the variables that are required to describe a system or substance; "a multidimensional phase space".
phenomenon any state or process known through the senses rather than by intuition or reasoning.
cakewalk an easy accomplishment; "winning the tournament was a cakewalk for him"; "invading Iraq won't be a cakewalk".
feat exploit effort a notable achievement; "he performed a great feat"; "the book was her finest effort".
masterpiece an outstanding achievement.
masterstroke an achievement demonstrating great skill or mastery.
credit used in the phrase `to your credit' in order to indicate an achievement deserving praise; "she already had several performances to her credit";.
contact close interaction; "they kept in daily contact"; "they claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings".
cross-fertilization cross-fertilisation interchange between different cultures or different ways of thinking that is mutually productive and beneficial; "the cross-fertilization of science and the creative arts".
derring-do brave and heroic feats.
mitzvah mitsvah (Judaism) a good deed performed out of religious duty.
rallying rally the feat of mustering strength for a renewed effort; "he singled to start a rally in the 9th inning"; "he feared the rallying of their troops for a counterattack".
tour_de_force a masterly or brilliant feat.
performance any recognized accomplishment; "they admired his performance under stress"; "when Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe".
overachievement better than expected performance (better than might have been predicted from intelligence tests).
underachievement poorer than expected performance (poorer than might have been predicted from intelligence tests).
fait_accompli accomplished_fact an irreversible accomplishment.
coming advent arrival that has been awaited (especially of something momentous); "the advent of the computer".
return3 reappearance the act of someone appearing again; "his reappearance as Hamlet has been long awaited".
permeation interpenetration mutual penetration; diffusion of each through the other.
hejira hegira the flight of Muhammad from Mecca to Medina in 622 which marked the beginning of the Muslim era; the Muslim calendar begins in that year.
surfacing emerging to the surface and becoming apparent.
realization realisation fruition something that is made real or concrete; "the victory was the realization of a whole year's work".
sexual_climax orgasm coming climax the moment of most intense pleasure in sexual intercourse.
record an extreme attainment; the best (or worst) performance ever attested (as in a sport); "he tied the Olympic record"; "coffee production last year broke all previous records"; "Chicago set the homicide record".
world_record the best record in the whole world.
success an attainment that is successful; "his success in the marathon was unexpected"; "his new play was a great success".
smash_hit megahit blockbuster an unusually successful hit with widespread popularity and huge sales (especially a movie or play or recording or novel).
strike smasher smash hit bang a conspicuous success; "that song was his first hit and marked the beginning of his career"; "that new Broadway show is a real smasher"; "the party went with a bang".
coup a brilliant and notable success.
flying_colours flying_colors complete success; "they passed inspection with flying colors".
qualifying passing pass6 success in satisfying a test or requirement; "his future depended on his passing that test"; "he got a pass in introductory chemistry".
failure an unexpected omission; "he resented my failure to return his call"; "the mechanic's failure to check the brakes".
naught complete failure; "all my efforts led to naught".
breach_of_contract a breach of a legal duty; failure to do something that is required in a contract.
breach_of_the_covenant_of_warranty a failure of the seller's guarantee of good title.
breach_of_trust violation (either through fraud or negligence) by a trustee of a duty that equity requires of him.
breach_of_trust_with_fraudulent_intent larceny after trust rather than after unlawful taking.
freudian_slip a slip-up that (according to Sigmund Freud) results from the operation of unconscious wishes or conflicts and can reveal unconscious processes in normal healthy individuals.
bull a serious and ludicrous blunder; "he made a bad bull of the assignment".
saving rescue delivery deliverance recovery or preservation from loss or danger; "work is the deliverance of mankind"; "a surgeon's job is the saving of lives".
lifesaving saving the lives of drowning persons; "he took a course in lifesaving".
trick thaumaturgy magic_trick magic legerdemain illusion deception conjuring_trick conjuration an illusory feat; considered magical by naive observers.
babinski_sign babinski_reflex babinski extension upward of the toes when the sole of the foot is stroked firmly on the outer side from the heel to the front; normal in infants under the age of two years but a sign of brain or spinal cord injury in older persons.
jumping_up_and_down jumping in one spot (as in excitement); "the wailing and jumping up and down exhausted him".
shellfire shooting artillery shells.
best the supreme effort one can make; "they did their best".
sucker_punch an unexpected punch.
smooch smack an enthusiastic kiss.
medical_examination medical_exam medical_checkup medical health_check checkup a thorough physical examination; includes a variety of tests depending on the age and sex and health of the person.
fine-toothed_comb fine-tooth_comb a method of examining in minute detail; "he went over the contract with a fine-tooth comb looking for loopholes".
going-over a careful and thorough inspection.
caress a gentle affectionate stroking (or something resembling it); "he showered her with caresses"; "soft music was a fond caress"; "the caresses of the breeze played over his face".
breakthrough making an important discovery.
diagnosis diagnosing identifying the nature or cause of some phenomenon.
medical_diagnosis identification of a disease from its symptoms.
prospect prognosis medical_prognosis a prediction of the course of a disease.
cross-pollination stimulating influence among diverse elements; "the cross-pollination of the arts".
impingement impact encroachment influencing strongly; "they resented the impingement of American values on European culture".
use manipulation exerting shrewd or devious influence especially for one's own advantage; "his manipulation of his friends was scandalous".
temptation enticement the act of influencing by exciting hope or desire; "his enticements were shameless".
seduction enticing someone astray from right behavior.
sexual_conquest score1 a seduction culminating in sexual intercourse; "calling his seduction of the girl a `score' was a typical example of male slang".
sampling (statistics) the selection of a suitable sample for study.
shtik shtick schtik schtick (Yiddish) a devious trick; a bit of cheating; "how did you ever fall for a shtik like that?".
footwork skillful maneuvering or dealing; "she needs some fancy footwork to cover all those lies".
bear_hug a takeover bid so attractive that the directors of the target company must approve it or risk shareholder protest.
golden_parachute giving top executives lucrative benefits that must be paid by the acquirer if they are discharged after a takeover.
poison_pill the target company defends itself by making its stock less attractive to an acquirer.
double-blind_study double-blind_procedure double-blind_experiment an experimental procedure in which neither the subjects of the experiment nor the persons administering the experiment know the critical aspects of the experiment; "a double-blind procedure is used to guard against both experimenter bias and placebo effects".
open_sesame any very successful means of achieving a result.
embrace bosom a close affectionate and protective acceptance; "his willing embrace of new ideas"; "in the bosom of the family".
plebiscite a vote by the electorate determining public opinion on a question of national importance.
voting vote balloting ballot a choice that is made by counting the number of people in favor of each alternative; "there were only 17 votes in favor of the motion"; "they allowed just one vote per person".
goal a successful attempt at scoring; "the winning goal came with less than a minute left to play".
conversion a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
run_batted_in rbi a run that is the result of the batter's performance; "he had more than 100 rbi last season".
solution the successful action of solving a problem; "the solution took three hours".
economy_of_scale the saving in cost of production that is due to mass production.
flux in constant change; "his opinions are in flux"; "the newness and flux of the computer industry".
preferment the act of preferring; "the preferment went to the younger candidate".
change_of_state the act of changing something into something different in essential characteristics.
turning_away shunning dodging avoidance deliberately avoiding; keeping away from or preventing from happening.
self-renunciation self-denial self-abnegation denial abnegation renunciation of your own interests in favor of the interests of others.
temporary_removal suspension a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
follow-through carrying some project or intention to full completion; "I appreciated his follow-through on his promise".
graduation the successful completion of a program of study.
sacking sack release liberation firing dismission dismissal discharge the termination of someone's employment (leaving them free to depart).
congee conge an abrupt and unceremonious dismissal.
tearing_down razing leveling demolishing complete destruction of a building.
cold_turkey complete and abrupt withdrawal of all addictive drugs or anything else on which you have become dependent; "he quit smoking cold turkey"; "she quit her job cold turkey".
habitual_abortion repeated spontaneous abortion (often for no known reason).
write-off the act of cancelling from an account a bad debt or a worthless asset.
working_out elaboration developing in intricate and painstaking detail.
purification the act of purging of sin or guilt; moral or spiritual cleansing; "purification through repentance".
purification purgation a ceremonial cleansing from defilement or uncleanness by the performance of appropriate rites.
katharsis catharsis abreaction (psychoanalysis) purging of emotional tensions.
sanitization sanitisation sanitation making something sanitary (free of germs) as by sterilizing.
retribution the act of correcting for your wrongdoing.
reform a change for the better as a result of correcting abuses; "justice was for sale before the reform of the law courts".
melioration betterment amelioration the act of relieving ills and changing for the better.
reform self-improvement in behavior or morals by abandoning some vice; "the family rejoiced in the drunkard's reform".
beautification the act of making something more beautiful.
beauty_treatment enhancement of someone's personal beauty.
adornment the action of decorating yourself with something colorful and interesting.
modernization modernisation making modern in appearance or behavior; "the modernization of Nigeria will be a long process".
sweetening enhancement an improvement that makes something more agreeable.
upkeep maintenance care activity involved in maintaining something in good working order; "he wrote the manual on car care".
camera_care keeping a camera in good working order.
car_care keeping a car in good working order.
renewal rehabilitation reclamation the conversion of wasteland into land suitable for use of habitation or cultivation.
makeover a complete reconstruction and renovation of something; "the blighted neighborhood underwent a total makeover".
scheduled_maintenance maintenance at a regularly scheduled time.
degradation debasement changing to a lower state (a less respected state).
bastardization bastardisation an act that debases or corrupts.
subversion corruption destroying someone's (or some group's) honesty or loyalty; undermining moral integrity; "corruption of a minor"; "the big city's subversion of rural innocence".
demoralization demoralisation destroying the moral basis for a doctrine or policy.
profanation degradation of something worthy of respect; cheapening.
humiliation abasement depriving one of self-esteem.
change_of_color an act that changes the light that something reflects.
progression progress procession onward_motion forward_motion advancement advance the act of moving forward (as toward a goal).
plain_sailing easy_going clear_sailing easy unobstructed progress; "after we solved that problem the rest was plain sailing".
goose_step a manner of marching with legs straight and swinging high.
space_walk any kind of physical activity outside a spacecraft by one of the crew.
wandering vagabondage roving travelling about without any clear destination; "she followed him in his wanderings and looked after him".
ecotourism tourism to exotic or threatened ecosystems to observe wildlife or to help preserve nature.
calf_roping capturing a calf with a lasso and binding its feet.
steer_roping capturing a steer with a lasso.
skydiving performing acrobatics in free fall before pulling the ripcord of a parachute.
grand_tour a sightseeing tour of a building or institution.
grand_tour an extended cultural tour of Europe taken by wealthy young Englishmen (especially in the 18th century) as part of their education.
junketing taking an excursion for pleasure.
maiden_voyage the first voyage of its kind; "in 1912 the ocean liner Titanic sank on its maiden voyage".
bareboating boating by chartering a bareboat and providing your own crew and provisions; "we saved money by bareboating".
thrusting thrust poking poke jabbing jab a sharp hand gesture (resembling a blow); "he warned me with a jab with his finger"; "he made a thrusting motion with his fist".
reordering a rearrangement in a different order.
devaluation the reduction of something's value or worth.
relief easing easement alleviation the act of reducing something unpleasant (as pain or annoyance); "he asked the nurse for relief from the constant pain".
exhaustion the act of exhausting something entirely.
trimming trim clipping cutting down to the desired size or shape.
hyperextension greater than normal extension.
stockpiling accumulating and storing a reserve supply; "the stockpiling of war materials".
dichotomization dichotomisation the act of dividing into two sharply different categories.
dislodgment dislodgement forced removal from a position of advantage.
permutation complete change in character or condition; "the permutations...taking place in the physical world"- Henry Miller.
correctional_rehabilitation providing penal custody or probation or parole for convicted offenders.
urban_renewal the clearing and rebuilding and redevelopment of urban slums.
refreshment recreation activity that refreshes and recreates; activity that renews your health and spirits by enjoyment and relaxation; "time for rest and refreshment by the pool"; "days of joyous recreation with his friends".
transfiguration metamorphosis a striking change in appearance or character or circumstances; "the metamorphosis of the old house into something new and exciting".
change_of_shape an action that changes the shape of something.
activity any specific behavior; "they avoided all recreational activity".
rescue_operation an operation organized to free from danger or confinement.
practice pattern a customary way of operation or behavior; "it is their practice to give annual raises"; "they changed their dietary pattern".
biologism use of biological principles in explaining human especially social behavior.
modernism practices typical of contemporary life or thought.
ornamentalism the practice of ornamental display.
usance usage custom accepted or habitual practice.
use habit (psychology) an automatic pattern of behavior in reaction to a specific situation; may be inherited or acquired through frequent repetition; "owls have nocturnal habits"; "she had a habit twirling the ends of her hair"; "long use had hardened him to it".
ritual stereotyped behavior.
second_nature acquired behavior that is practiced so long it seems innate.
habitude habitual mode of behavior.
primrose_path a life of ease and pleasure.
strait_and_narrow straight_and_narrow the way of proper and honest behavior; "he taught his children to keep strictly to the straight and narrow".
unwritten_law law based on customary behavior.
embracing embracement embrace the act of clasping another person in the arms (as in greeting or affection).
snuggle nestle cuddle a close and affectionate (and often prolonged) embrace.
squeeze hug clinch a tight or amorous embrace; "come here and give me a big hug".
neglect disregard willful lack of care and attention.
child_abuse the physical or emotional or sexual mistreatment of children.
outrage a wantonly cruel act.
exasperation actions that cause great irritation (or even anger).
sexual_harassment unwelcome sexual behavior by a supervisor toward an employee.
recreation diversion an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates; "scuba diving is provided as a diversion for tourists"; "for recreation he wrote poetry and solved crossword puzzles"; "drug abuse is often regarded as a form of recreation".
trick put-on prank joke caper antic a ludicrous or grotesque act done for fun and amusement.
festivity celebration any joyous diversion.
eurythmy eurythmics eurhythmy eurhythmics the interpretation in harmonious bodily movements of the rhythm of musical compositions; used to teach musical understanding.
playfulness merriment fun activities that are enjoyable or amusing; "I do it for the fun of it"; "he is fun to have around".
joke jocularity jest activity characterized by good humor.
pursuit pastime interest a diversion that occupies one's time and thoughts (usually pleasantly); "sailing is her favorite pastime"; "his main pastime is gambling"; "he counts reading among his interests"; "they criticized the boy for his limited pursuits".
dish cup_of_tea bag an activity that you like or at which you are superior; "chemistry is not my cup of tea"; "his bag now is learning to play golf"; "marriage was scarcely his dish".
tumbling acrobatics the gymnastic moves of an acrobat.
in-fighting boxing at close quarters.
equestrian_sport a sport that tests horsemanship.
fly-fishing angling with an artificial fly as a lure.
party_game a game to amuse guests at a party.
athletic_game a game involving athletic activity.
high-low poker in which the high and low hands split the pot.
parlour_game parlor_game a game suitable for playing in a parlor.
sporting_life active interest in gambling on sports events.
craps a gambling game played with two dice; a first throw of 7 or 11 wins and a first throw of 2, 3, or 12 loses and a first throw of any other number must be repeated to win before a 7 is thrown, which loses the bet and the dice.
zero-sum_game a game in which the total of all the gains and losses is zero.
sexcapade a sexual escapade; an illicit affair.
spree fling a brief indulgence of your impulses.
spending_spree a brief period of extravagant spending.
saturnalia riot orgy drunken_revelry debauchery debauch bacchanalia bacchanal a wild gathering involving excessive drinking and promiscuity.
carnival a festival marked by merrymaking and processions.
dionysia bacchanalia an orgiastic festival in ancient Greece in honor of Dionysus (= Bacchus).
capriole caper a playful leap or hop.
toying flirting flirtation flirt dalliance coquetry playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest.
mishegoss mishegaas meshugaas (Yiddish) craziness; senseless behavior or activity.
prank japery harlequinade frivolity clowning buffoonery acting like a clown or buffoon.
dirty_trick an unkind or aggressive trick.
waggery drollery a quaint and amusing jest.
pleasantry an agreeable or amusing remark; "they exchange pleasantries".
saturnalia an orgiastic festival in ancient Rome in honor of Saturn.
secular_games ludi_saeculares the centennial rites and games of ancient Rome that marked the commencement of a new generation (100 years representing the longest life in a generation); observances may have begun as early as the 5th century BC and lasted well into the Christian era.
rodeo an exhibition of cowboy skills.
adagio a slow section of a pas de deux requiring great skill and strength by the dancers.
step_dancing hoofing dancing in which the steps are more important than gestures or postures.
buck-and-wing a solo tap dance emphasizing sharp taps.
nude_dancing erotic dancing with little or no clothing.
tarantelle tarantella a lively whirling Italian dance for two persons.
samba a lively ballroom dance from Brazil.
highland_fling a vigorous Scottish reel.
scottish_reel reel a lively dance of Scottish Highlanders; marked by circular moves and gliding steps.
coloratura singing with florid ornamentation.
method_acting method an acting technique introduced by Stanislavsky in which the actor recalls emotions or reactions from his or her own life and uses them to identify with the character being portrayed.
brouhaha a confused disturbance far greater than its cause merits.
wilding an outrageous rampage usually involving sexual attacks by men on women.
assist (sports) the act of enabling another player to make a good play.
jugglery the performance of a juggler.
footwork the manner of using the feet.
walkover snap1 pushover piece_of_cake picnic duck_soup cinch child's_play breeze any undertaking that is easy to do; "marketing this product will be no picnic".
action0 the most important or interesting work or activity in a specific area or field; "the action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds"; "gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible".
works deeds performance of moral or religious acts; "salvation by deeds"; "the reward for good works".
financial_audit an attestation that the client's financial statement is accurate.
specialization specialisation the act of specializing; making something suitable for a special purpose.
job the responsibility to do something; "it is their job to print the truth".
fatherhood the status of a father.
marshalship the post of marshall.
bully_pulpit a public office of sufficiently high rank that it provides the holder with an opportunity to speak out and be listened to on any matter; "the American presidency is a bully pulpit".
sainthood the status and dignity of a saint.
trade craft the skilled practice of a practical occupation; "he learned his trade as an apprentice".
bricklaying the craft of laying bricks.
cabinetwork cabinetry the craft of making furniture (especially furniture of high quality).
masonry the craft of a mason.
oculism the craft of an oculist.
profession an occupation requiring special education (especially in the liberal arts or sciences).
metier medium1 an occupation for which you are especially well suited; "in law he found his true metier".
learned_profession one of the three professions traditionally believed to require advanced learning and high principles.
practice_of_law law the learned profession that is mastered by graduate study in a law school and that is responsible for the judicial system; "he studied law at Yale".
politics the profession devoted to governing and to political affairs.
preventive_medicine the branch of medicine concerned with preventing disease; "the medical establishment doesn't profit from preventive medicine".
herbal_medicine the use of medicinal herbs to prevent or treat disease or promote health.
decryption decoding decipherment the activity of making clear or converting from code into plain text; "a secret key or password is required for decryption".
couture high fashion designing and dressmaking.
toil labour labor productive work (especially physical work done for wages); "his labor did not require a great deal of skill".
haymaking taking full advantage of an opportunity while it lasts.
incline_bench_press a bench press performed on an inclined bench.
press military_press a weightlift in which the barbell is lifted to shoulder height and then smoothly lifted overhead.
stretching stretch exercise designed to extend the limbs and muscles to their full extent.
diligence application a diligent effort; "it is a job requiring serious application".
investigation investigating the work of inquiring into something thoroughly and systematically.
marketing_research market_research research that gathers and analyzes information about the moving of good or services from producer to consumer.
keratoscopy examination of the cornea with a keratoscope to detect irregularities in its anterior surface.
testing an examination of the characteristics of something; "there are laboratories for commercial testing"; "it involved testing thousands of children for smallpox".
anatomy a detailed analysis; "he studied the anatomy of crimes".
volumetric_analysis quantitative analysis by the use of definite volumes of standard solutions or reagents.
spectrum_analysis spectroscopy spectroscopic_analysis spectrometry spectrographic_analysis the use of spectroscopes to analyze spectra.
collation careful examination and comparison to note points of disagreement.
first_aid emergency care given before regular medical aid can be obtained.
adrenergic_agonist_eyedrop a treatment for glaucoma; the eyedrops reduce intraocular pressure by decreasing the production of aqueous humor and increasing its drainage through the uveoscleral pathway.
miotic_eyedrop a treatment for glaucoma; the eyedrops increase the outflow of aqueous humor by constricting the pupil.
incubation maintaining something at the most favorable temperature for its development.
correction treatment of a specific defect; "the correction of his vision with eye glasses".
galvanism electrotherapy electrical_healing electric_healing the therapeutic application of electricity to the body (as in the treatment of various forms of paralysis).
hrt hormone_replacement_therapy hormone-replacement_therapy hormones (estrogen and progestin) are given to postmenopausal women; believed to protect them from heart disease and osteoporosis.
nursing_care care by a skilled nurse.
tlc tender_loving_care considerate and solicitous care; "young children need lots of TLC".
nurturance physical and emotional care and nourishment.
enucleation surgical removal of something without cutting into it; "the enucleation of the tumor".
hemorrhoidectomy haemorrhoidectomy surgical procedure for tying hemorrhoids and excising them.
radial_keratotomy radial pattern of incisions in the cornea that cause the cornea to bulge; performed to correct myopia.
laminectomy surgical removal of the bony arches on one or more vertebrae.
prefrontal_lobotomy prefrontal_leukotomy prefrontal_leucotomy lobotomy leukotomy leucotomy frontal_lobotomy surgical interruption of nerve tracts to and from the frontal lobe of the brain; often results in marked cognitive and personality changes.
reconstructive_surgery plastic_surgery anaplasty surgery concerned with therapeutic or cosmetic reformation of tissue.
uranoplasty surgical correction of a defect of the palate.
behavior_therapy behavior_modification psychotherapy that seeks to extinguish or inhibit abnormal or maladaptive behavior by reinforcing desired behavior and extinguishing undesired behavior.
aversion_therapy any technique of behavior modification that uses unpleasant stimuli in a controlled fashion to alter behavior in a therapeutic way; primarily used for alcoholism or drug abuse (but with little success).
systematic_desensitization systematic_desensitisation desensitization_technique desensitization_procedure desensitisation_technique desensitisation_procedure a technique used in behavior therapy to treat phobias and other behavior problems involving anxiety; client is exposed to the threatening situation under relaxed conditions until the anxiety reaction is extinguished.
implosion_therapy flooding a technique used in behavior therapy; client is flooded with experiences of a particular kind until becoming either averse to them or numbed to them.
reciprocal_inhibition reciprocal-inhibition_therapy a method of behavior therapy based on the inhibition of one response by the occurrence of another response that is mutually incompatible with it; a relaxation response might be conditioned to a stimulus that previously evoked anxiety.
family_therapy any of several therapeutic approaches in which a family is treated as a whole.
phototherapy the use of strong light to treat acne or hyperbilirubinemia of the newborn.
speech_therapy any therapy intended to correct a disorder of speech.
refrigeration deliberately lowering the body's temperature for therapeutic purposes; "refrigeration by immersing the patient's body in a cold bath".
naprapathy a drugless method of treatment based on the belief that disease symptoms arise from problems with ligaments and connective tissues.
osteopathy therapy based on the assumption that restoring health is best accomplished by manipulating the skeleton and muscles.
handicraft a craft that requires skillful hands.
monkey_business mischievous or deceitful behavior.
irregularity abnormality behavior that breaches the rule or etiquette or custom or morality.
deviation deviance deviate behavior.
infantilism infantile behavior in mature persons.
dereliction willful negligence.
concurrent_negligence (law) negligence of two of more persons acting independently; the plaintiff may sue both together or separately.
escape_mechanism a form of behavior that evades unpleasant realities.
wickedness iniquity immorality evil morally objectionable behavior.
enormity an act of extreme wickedness.
foul_play unfair or dishonest behavior (especially involving violence).
violation irreverence a disrespectful act.
sexual_immorality the evil ascribed to sexual acts that violate social conventions; "sexual immorality is the major reason for last year's record number of abortions".
sacrilege profanation desecration blasphemy blasphemous behavior; the act of depriving something of its sacred character; "desecration of the Holy Sabbath".
turpitude depravity a corrupt or depraved or degenerate act or practice; "the various turpitudes of modern society".
self-indulgence intemperateness intemperance excess in action and immoderate indulgence of bodily appetites, especially in passion or indulgence; "the intemperance of their language".
whoredom prostitution harlotry offering sexual intercourse for pay.
profligacy looseness licentiousness dissolution dissipation dissolute indulgence in sensual pleasure.
knavery dishonesty lack of honesty; acts of lying or cheating or stealing.
quackery charlatanism the dishonesty of a charlatan.
paltering fibbing a trivial act of lying or being deliberately unclear.
goldbrick anything that is supposed to be valuable but turns out to be worthless.
cheating cheat a deception for profit to yourself.
show appearance pretending that something is the case in order to make a good impression; "they try to keep up appearances"; "that ceremony is just for show".
actual_sin a sin committed of your own free will (as contrasted with original sin).
mortal_sin deadly_sin an unpardonable sin entailing a total loss of grace; "theologians list seven mortal sins".
superbia pride unreasonable and inordinate self-esteem (personified as one of the deadly sins).
overeating gula gluttony eating to excess (personified as one of the deadly sins).
luxuria lust self-indulgent sexual desire (personified as one of the deadly sins).
inside_job some transgression committed with the assistance of someone trusted by the victim; "the police decided that the crime was an inside job".
barratry (maritime law) a fraudulent breach of duty by the master of a ship that injures the owner of the ship or its cargo; includes every breach of trust such as stealing or sinking or deserting the ship or embezzling the cargo.
violation ravishment rape assault the crime of forcing a woman to submit to sexual intercourse against her will.
legal_fraud constructive_fraud comprises all acts or omissions or concealments involving breach of equitable or legal duty or trust or confidence.
fraud_in_law fraud that is presumed from the circumstances although the one who commits it need not have had any evil intent.
sting_operation a complicated confidence game planned and executed with great care (especially an operation implemented by undercover agents to apprehend criminals).
joint_venture a venture by a partnership or conglomerate designed to share risk or expertise; "a joint venture between the film companies to produce TV shows".
foray an initial attempt (especially outside your usual areas of competence); "scientists' forays into politics".
assay a quantitative or qualitative test of a substance (especially an ore or a drug) to determine its components; frequently used to test for the presence or concentration of infectious agents or antibodies etc..
tryout audition a test of the suitability of a performer.
trying_on try-on fitting putting clothes on to see whether they fit.
risky_venture escapade dangerous_undertaking adventure a wild and exciting undertaking (not necessarily lawful).
enterprise endeavour endeavor a purposeful or industrious undertaking (especially one that requires effort or boldness); "he had doubts about the whole enterprise".
labour_of_love labor_of_love productive work performed voluntarily without material reward or compensation.
no-brainer anything that requires little thought.
venture any venturesome undertaking especially one with an uncertain outcome.
reform a campaign aimed to correct abuses or malpractices; "the reforms he proposed were too radical for the politicians".
chance a risk involving danger; "you take a chance when you let her drive".
crapshoot a risky and uncertain venture; "getting admitted to the college of your choice has become a crapshoot".
quality_control maintenance of standards of quality of manufactured goods.
freeze fixing (of prices or wages etc) at a particular level; "a freeze on hiring".
hiring_freeze a freeze on hiring.
price_freeze a freeze of prices at a given level.
wage_freeze a freeze of wages at a given level.
vaccination inoculation taking a vaccine as a precaution against contracting a disease.
patrol the activity of going around or through an area at regular intervals for security purposes.
taichichuan taichi tai_chi_chuan tai_chi t'ai_chi_chuan t'ai_chi a Chinese system of slow meditative physical exercise designed for relaxation and balance and health.
primping careful or finicky grooming; "the primping alone took more than an hour".
suckling lactation feeding an infant by giving suck at the breast.
bondage sexual practice that involves physically restraining (by cords or handcuffs) one of the partners.
safe_sex sexual activity (especially sexual intercourse) with the use of measures (such as latex condoms) to avoid the transmission of disease (especially AIDS).
pleasure sexual gratification; "he took his pleasure of her".
hank_panky illicit sexual intercourse.
statutory_rape carnal_abuse sexual intercourse with a person (girl or boy) who has not reached the age of consent (even if both parties participate willingly).
unlawful_carnal_knowledge criminal_congress forbidden or tabu sexual intercourse between individuals.
incest sexual intercourse between persons too closely related to marry (as between a parent and a child).
stimulation foreplay arousal mutual sexual fondling prior to sexual intercourse.
feel manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure; "the girls hated it when he tried to sneak a feel".
sexual_perversion perversion an aberrant sexual practice;.
onanism masturbation manual stimulation of the genital organs (of yourself or another) for sexual pleasure.
self-stimulation self-abuse manual stimulation of your own genital organ for sexual pleasure.
sleeping_around promiscuousness promiscuity indulging in promiscuous (casual and indiscriminate) sexual relations.
queerness homosexuality homosexualism homoeroticism gayness a sexual attraction to (or sexual relations with) persons of the same sex.
straightness heterosexuality heterosexualism a sexual attraction to (or sexual relations with) persons of the opposite sex.
response reaction a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent; "a bad reaction to the medicine"; "his responses have slowed with age".
geotropism an orienting response to gravity.
meteortropism an effect of climate on biological processes (as the effect on joint pains etc.).
neurotropism an affinity for neural tissues.
sniveling snivel whining in a tearful manner.
rating evaluation act of ascertaining or fixing the value or worth of.
scoring marking grading evaluation of performance by assigning a grade or score; "what he disliked about teaching was all the grading he had to do".
estimation estimate a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody; "many factors are involved in any estimate of human life"; "in my estimation the boy is innocent".
appraisal an expert estimation of the quality, quantity, and other characteristics of someone or something.
moralism judgments about another person's morality; "he could not stand her hectoring moralism".
sensing perception becoming aware of something via the senses.
looking_at looking look the act of directing the eyes toward something and perceiving it visually; "he went out to have a look"; "his look was fixed on her eyes"; "he gave it a good looking at"; "his camera does his looking for him".
eye-beaming a radiant glance of the eye; "he pretended profundity by eye-beamings at people".
scrutiny a prolonged intense look.
peep peek a secret look.
contemplation a long and thoughtful observation.
spying keeping a secret or furtive watch.
eyeful a full view; a good look; "they wanted to see violence and they got an eyeful".
tasting taste a kind of sensing; distinguishing substances by means of the taste buds; "a wine tasting".
teaching pedagogy instruction educational_activity education didactics the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge or skill; "he received no formal education"; "our instruction was carefully programmed"; "good classroom teaching is seldom rewarded".
continuing_education a program of instruction designed primarily for adult students who participate part-time.
teaching_reading teaching beginners to read.
instilling ingraining inculcation teaching or impressing upon the mind by frequent instruction or repetition.
industrial_arts a course in the methods of using tools and machinery as taught in secondary schools and technical schools.
discipline training to improve strength or self-control.
training preparation grooming activity leading to skilled behavior.
dress_rehearsal a full uninterrupted rehearsal in costumes shortly before the first performance.
dramatization dramatisation a dramatic representation.
puppetry a stilted dramatic performance (as if by puppets).
capacity the maximum production possible; "the plant is working at 80 per cent capacity".
placer_mining mining valuable minerals from a placer by washing or dredging.
dramatization dramatisation conversion into dramatic form; "the play was a dramatization of a short story".
realization realisation actualization actualisation making real or giving the appearance of reality.
reification depersonalization depersonalisation representing a human being as a physical thing deprived of personal qualities or individuality; "according to Marx, treating labor as a commodity exemplified the reification of the individual".
embodiment giving concrete form to an abstract concept.
artistic_production artistic_creation art the creation of beautiful or significant things; "art does not need to be innovative to be good"; "I was never any good at art"; "he said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully".
arts_and_crafts the arts of decorative design and handicraft; "they sponsored arts and crafts in order to encourage craftsmanship in an age of mass production".
decoupage the art of decorating a surface with shapes or pictures and then coating it with vanish or lacquer.
gastronomy the art and practice of choosing and preparing and eating good food.
framing formulation of the plans and important details; "the framing of judicial decrees".
cutting carving removing parts from hard material to create a desired pattern or shape.
exploration a careful systematic search.
high_technology high_tech highly advanced technological development (especially in electronics).
magnetic_levitation maglev high-speed rail technology; train is suspended on a magnetic cushion above a magnetized track and so travels free of friction.
capitalization capitalisation the act of capitalizing on an opportunity.
close-quarter_fighting hand-to-hand fighting at close quarters.
biological_defense biological_defence biodefense biodefence procedures involved in taking defensive measures against attacks using biological agents.
rustling the stealing of cattle.
defloration an act that despoils the innocence or beauty of something.
tactical_intelligence combat_intelligence intelligence that is required for the planning and conduct of tactical operations.
friendly_fire fratricide fire that injures or kills an ally.
hostile_fire fire that injures or kills an enemy.
radiocarbon_dating carbon_dating carbon-14_dating a chemical analysis used to determine the age of organic materials based on their content of the radioisotope carbon-14; believed to be reliable up to 40,000 years.
shakedown a very thorough search of a person or a place; "a shakedown by the police uncovered the drugs".
angulation the precise measurement of angles.
standardization standardisation calibration the act of checking or adjusting (by comparison with a standard) the accuracy of a measuring instrument; "the thermometer needed calibration".
electromyography diagnosis of neuromuscular disorders with the use of an electromyograph.
test psychometric_test mental_testing mental_test any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory or intelligence or aptitude or personality etc; "the test was standardized on a large sample of students".
iq_test intelligence_test a psychometric test of intelligence; "they used to think that intelligence is what an intelligence test tests".
randomization randomisation a deliberately haphazard arrangement of observations so as to simulate chance.
collation assembling in proper numerical or logical sequence.
iteration doing or saying again; a repeated performance.
replay instant_replay action_replay the immediate rebroadcast of some action (especially sports action) that has been recorded on videotape.
standing_operating_procedure standard_procedure standard_operating_procedure sop a prescribed procedure to be followed routinely; "rote memorization has been the educator's standard operating procedure for centuries".
lockstep a standard procedure that is followed mindlessly; "the union's support had been in lockstep for years".
routine modus_operandi an unvarying or habitual method or procedure.
ceremony the proper or conventional behavior on some solemn occasion; "an inaugural ceremony".
ritual rite any customary observance or practice.
religious_ritual religious_ceremony a ceremony having religious meaning.
ritual the prescribed procedure for conducting religious ceremonies.
christening giving a Christian name at baptism.
penance a Catholic sacrament; repentance and confession and atonement and absolution.
offering oblation the act of contributing to the funds of a church or charity; "oblations for aid to the poor".
high_mass a solemn and elaborate Mass with music.
bhakti (Hinduism) loving devotion to a deity leading to salvation and nirvana; open to all persons independent of caste or sex.
lordolatry the worship of a lord because of his rank or title.
monolatry the worship of a single god but without claiming that it is the only god.
energizing activation activating the activity of causing to have energy and be active.
regeneration the activity of spiritual or physical renewal.
vivification invigoration animation the activity of giving vitality and vigour to something.
tessellation the careful juxtaposition of shapes in a pattern; "a tessellation of hexagons".
healthcare health_care the preservation of mental and physical health by preventing or treating illness through services offered by the health profession.
healthcare_delivery health_care_delivery care_delivery the provision of health care.
inactivity being inactive; being less active.
pause temporary inactivity.
laziness relaxed and easy activity; "the laziness of the day helped her to relax".
spare_time free_time time that is free from duties or responsibilities.
asceticism ascesis rigorous self-denial and active self-restraint.
sexual_abstention chastity celibacy abstaining from sexual relations (as because of religious vows).
temperance sobriety abstaining from excess.
teetotalism teetotaling abstaining from alcohol.
pleasure an activity that affords enjoyment; "he puts duty before pleasure".
luxuriation an activity that affords excessive pleasure and enjoyment.
pleasing the act of one who pleases.
overindulgence excess excessive indulgence; "the child was spoiled by overindulgence".
prophylaxis the prevention of disease.
unselfishness generosity acting generously.
accordance_of_rights accordance the act of granting rights; "the accordance to Canada of rights of access".
welfare social_welfare public_assistance governmental provision of economic assistance to persons in need; "she lives on welfare".
relief aid for the aged or indigent or handicapped; "he has been on relief for many years".
primary_health_care health care that is provided by a health care professional in the first contact of a patient with the health care system.
philanthropy philanthropic_gift voluntary promotion of human welfare.
charity an activity or gift that benefits the public at large.
factory_farm agriculture agribusiness a large-scale farming enterprise.
world_affairs international_affairs affairs between nations; "you can't really keep up with world affairs by watching television".
fair bazaar a sale of miscellany; often for charity; "the church bazaar".
craft_fair a fair at which objects made by craftsmen are offered for sale.
rendering giving in acknowledgment of obligation.
underpayment the act of paying less than required.
auto_limitation social control achieved as a manifestation of self-will or general consent.
politics the activities and affairs involved in managing a state or a government; "unemployment dominated the politics of the inter-war years"; "government agencies multiplied beyond the control of representative politics".
socialization socialisation enculturation acculturation the adoption of the behavior patterns of the surrounding culture; "the socialization of children to the norms of their culture".
cultivation socialization through training and education to develop one's mind or manners; "her cultivation was remarkable".
upbringing rearing raising nurture fostering fosterage bringing_up breeding helping someone grow up to be an accepted member of the community; "they debated whether nature or nurture was more important".
moral_obligation an obligation arising out of considerations of right and wrong; "he did it out of a feeling of moral obligation".
noblesse_oblige the obligation of those of high rank to be honorable and generous (often used ironically).
legal_duty acts which the law requires be done or forborne.
fiduciary_duty the legal duty of a fiduciary to act in the best interests of the beneficiary.
great_care more attention and consideration than is normally bestowed by prudent persons; "the pilot exercised great care in landing".
respect obedience behavior intended to please your parents; "their children were never very strong on obedience"; "he went to law school out of respect for his father's wishes".
screwup the complete mismanagement or mishandling of a situation; "a typical bureaucratic screwup".
invigilation keeping watch over examination candidates to prevent cheating.
disposal administration a method of tending to or managing the affairs of a some group of people (especially the group's business affairs).
polity shrewd or crafty management of public affairs; "we was innocent of stratagems and polity".
steering guidance the act of guiding or showing the way.
propitiation placation conciliation the act of placating and overcoming distrust and animosity.
ablism ableism able-bodism able-bodiedism discrimination in favor of the able-bodied.
agism ageism discrimination against middle-aged and elderly people.
nepotism favoritism shown to relatives or close friends by those in power (as by giving them jobs).
male_chauvinism chauvinism antifeminism activity indicative of belief in the superiority of men over women.
standardization standardisation normalization normalisation the imposition of standards or regulations; "a committee was appointed to recommend terminological standardization".
conventionalization conventionalisation the act of conventionalizing; conforming to a conventional style.
obeisance obedience the act of obeying; dutiful or submissive behavior with respect to another person.
set-to a brief but vigorous fight.
noncompliance disobedience the failure to obey.
legal_action action_at_law action a judicial proceeding brought by one party against another; one party prosecutes another for a wrong done or for protection of a right or for prevention of a wrong.
countersuit a suit brought against someone who has sued you.
affirmation a judgment by a higher court that the judgment of a lower court was correct and should stand.
judgment_in_rem judgement_in_rem a judgment pronounced on the status of some particular subject or property or thing (as opposed to one pronounced on persons).
judgment_on_the_merits judgement_on_the_merits judgment rendered through analysis and adjudication of the factual issues presented.
fatwa a ruling on a point of Islamic law that is given by a recognized authority.
general_verdict an ordinary verdict declaring which party prevails without any special findings of fact.
acquittal a judgment of not guilty.
retaliatory_eviction an eviction in reprisal for the tenant's good-faith complaints against the landlord; illegal in many states.
quarantine isolation to prevent the spread of infectious disease.
conformity conformation compliance abidance acting according to certain accepted standards; "their financial statements are in conformity with generally accepted accounting practices".
formality compliance with formal rules; "courtroom formality".
observance honoring conformity with law or custom or practice etc..
punctilio strict observance of formalities.
keeping conformity or harmony; "his behavior was not in keeping with the occasion".
selflessness self-sacrifice acting with less concern for yourself than for the success of the joint activity.
devotion commitment to some purpose; "the devotion of his time and wealth to science".
reenlistment a renewed enlistment.
help assistance assist aid the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose; "he gave me an assist with the housework"; "could not walk without assistance"; "rescue party went to their aid"; "offered his help in unloading".
succour succor relief ministration assistance in time of difficulty; "the contributions provided some relief for the victims".
simplification elimination of superfluous details.
traditionalism adherence to tradition (especially in cultural or religious matters).
drumbeat a vehement and vociferous advocacy of a cause; "the warmongers kept up their drumbeat on Iraq".
insistency insistence the act of insisting on something; "insistence on grammatical correctness is a conservative position".
appreciation admiration a favorable judgment; "a small token in admiration of your works".
idolization idolisation adoration the act of admiring strongly.
glorification the act of glorifying (as in worship); "the glorification of God".
slander denigration defamation calumny aspersion an abusive attack on a person's character or good name.
attack strong criticism; "he published an unexpected attack on my work".
doings conduct behaviour behavior manner of acting or controlling yourself.
bitchery aggressive remarks and behavior like that of a spiteful malicious woman.
terrorization terrorisation frightening the act of inspiring with fear.
dirty_tricks underhand commercial or political behavior designed to discredit an opponent.
indignity an affront to one's dignity or self-esteem.
benevolence benefaction an act intending or showing kindness and good will.
cupboard_love a show of affection motivated by selfishness.
favour favor an act of gracious kindness.
turn1 good_turn a favor for someone; "he did me a good turn".
mercy alleviation of distress; showing great kindness toward the distressed; "distributing food and clothing to the flood victims was an act of mercy".
endearment the act of showing affection.
politeness civility the act of showing regard for others.
reverence an act showing respect (especially a bow or curtsy).
courtesy a courteous or respectful or considerate act.
beau_geste a gracious (but usually meaningless) gesture.
attention a courteous act indicating affection; "she tried to win his heart with her many attentions".
respect deference a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard; "his deference to her wishes was very flattering"; "be sure to give my respects to the dean".
homage court1 respectful deference; "pay court to the emperor".
props proper respect; "I have to give my props to the governor for the way he handled the problem".
thoughtfulness consideration a considerate and thoughtful act.
tryst assignation a secret rendezvous (especially between lovers).
absenteeism habitual absence from work.
feud a bitter quarrel between two parties.
harmonization harmonisation singing in harmony.
stirring inspiration arousing to a particular emotion or action.
galvanization galvanisation stimulation that arouses a person to lively action; "the unexpected news produced a kind of galvanization of the whole team".
titillation an agreeable arousal.
emphasizing accentuation accenting the act of giving special importance or significance to something.
vent release outlet activity that frees or expresses creative energy or emotion; "she had no other outlet for her feelings"; "he gave vent to his anger".
beatification the action of rendering supremely blessed and extremely happy.
equilibration stabilization by bringing into equilibrium.
ipsus battle_of_ipsus a battle between the successors of Alexander the Great (301 BC); Lysimachus and Seleucus defeated Antigonus and Demetrius.
issus battle_of_issus a battle (333 BC) in which Alexander the Great defeated the Persians under Darius III.
marengo a battle in 1800 in which the French under Napoleon Bonaparte won a great victory over the Austrians.
feeder an animal being fattened or suitable for fattening.
feeder an animal that feeds on a particular source of food; "a bark feeder"; "a mud feeder".
horn one of the bony outgrowths on the heads of certain ungulates.
aerobe an organism (especially a bacterium) that requires air or free oxygen for life.
intestinal_flora harmless microorganisms (as Escherichia coli) that inhabit the intestinal tract and are essential for its normal functioning.
virion (virology) a complete viral particle; nucleic acid and capsid (and a lipid envelope in some viruses).
junin_virus the RNA virus that causes Argentine hemorrhagic fever; carried by rats and mice.
machupo_virus the RNA virus that causes Bolivian hemorrhagic fever; carried by rats and mice.
human_immunodeficiency_virus hiv the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS); it replicates in and kills the helper T cells.
methanogen archaebacteria found in anaerobic environments such as animal intestinal tracts or sediments or sewage and capable of producing methane; a source of natural gas.
thermoacidophile archaebacteria that thrive in strongly acidic environments at high temperatures.
bacterium bacteria (microbiology) single-celled or noncellular spherical or spiral or rod-shaped organisms lacking chlorophyll that reproduce by fission; important as pathogens and for biochemical properties; taxonomy is difficult; often considered to be plants.
bacteria_species a species of bacteria.