mimesis any disease that shows symptoms characteristic of another disease.
paget's_disease osteitis_deformans a disease of bone occurring in the middle aged and elderly; excessive bone destruction sometimes leading to bone pain and fractures and skeletal deformities.
periodontitis periodontal_disease a disease that attacks the gum and bone and around the teeth.
seizure raptus ictus a sudden occurrence (or recurrence) of a disease; "he suffered an epileptic seizure".
grand_mal generalized_seizure epilepsia_major a seizure during which the patient becomes unconscious and has convulsions over the entire body.
metabolic_disorder a disorder or defect of metabolism.
alkaptonuria alcaptonuria a rare recessive metabolic anomaly marked by ochronosis and the presence of alkapton in the urine.
erethism an abnormally high degree of irritability or sensitivity to stimulation of an organ or body part.
foetal_distress fetal_distress an abnormal condition of a fetus; usually discovered during pregnancy and characterized by an abnormal heart rhythm.
aniseikonia visual defect in which the shape and size of an ocular image differ in the two eyes.
wernicke's_aphasia sensory_aphasia receptive_aphasia impressive_aphasia fluent_aphasia aphasia characterized by fluent but meaningless speech and severe impairment of the ability understand spoken or written words.
dyscalculia impaired ability to learn grade-appropriate mathematics.
dysgraphia impaired ability to learn to write.
dyslexia impaired ability to learn to read.
heart_disease cardiopathy a disease of the heart.
hypertension high_blood_pressure a common disorder in which blood pressure remains abnormally high (a reading of 140/90 mm Hg or greater).
keratectasia abnormal bulging of the cornea of the eye.
keratoconus abnormal cone-shaped protrusion of the cornea of the eye; can be treated by epikeratophakia.
hyperpiesis hyperpiesia essential_hypertension persistent and pathological high blood pressure for which no specific cause can be found.
secondary_hypertension hypertension that is secondary to another disease.
amyotrophy amyotrophia progressive wasting of muscle tissues.
abdominal_aortic_aneurysm aaa an aneurysm of the abdominal aorta associated with old age and hypertension.
gallop_rhythm cantering_rhythm cardiac rhythm characterized by the presence of an extra sound; can indicate a heart abnormality.
renal_disorder nephrosis nephropathy kidney_disease a disease affecting the kidneys.
renal_lithiasis nephrolithiasis the presence of kidney stones (calculi) in the kidney.
liver_disease a disease affecting the liver.
adenopathy a glandular disease or enlargement of glandular tissue (especially of the lymph glands).
diabetes a polygenic disease characterized by abnormally high glucose levels in the blood; any of several metabolic disorders marked by excessive urination and persistent thirst.
contagious_disease contagion any disease easily transmitted by contact.
influenza grippe flu an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
rubeola morbilli measles an acute and highly contagious viral disease marked by distinct red spots followed by a rash; occurs primarily in children.
roseola_infantum roseola_infantilis pseudorubella exanthema_subitum a viral disease of infants and young children; characterized by abrupt high fever and mild sore throat; a few days later there is a faint pinkish rash that lasts for a few hours to a few days.
variola_major variola smallpox a highly contagious viral disease characterized by fever and weakness and skin eruption with pustules that form scabs that slough off leaving scars.
vincent's_infection vincent's_angina trench_mouth an acute communicable infection of the respiratory tract and mouth marked by ulceration of the mucous membrane.
infectious_disease a disease transmitted only by a specific kind of contact.
anergy reduction or lack of an immune response to a specific antigen.
venus's_curse venereal_infection venereal_disease vd std social_disease sexually_transmitted_disease dose cupid's_itch cupid's_disease a communicable infection transmitted by sexual intercourse or genital contact.
necrotizing_enterocolitis nec an acute inflammatory disease occurring in the intestines of premature infants; necrosis of intestinal tissue may follow.
typhus_fever typhus rickettsial disease transmitted by body lice and characterized by skin rash and high fever.
q_fever an acute disease resembling influenza.
sweating_sickness miliary_fever epidemic in the 15th and 16th centuries and characterized by profuse sweating and high mortality.
primary_atypical_pneumonia mycoplasmal_pneumonia atypical_pneumonia an acute respiratory disease marked by high fever and coughing; caused by mycoplasma; primarily affecting children and young adults.
double_pneumonia lobar pneumonia involving both lungs.
interstitial_pneumonia chronic lung disease affecting the interstitial tissue of the lungs.
lobar_pneumonia pneumonia affecting one or more lobes of the lung; commonly due to streptococcal infection.
ablepharia a congenital absence of eyelids (partial or complete).
yellow-blindness tetartanopia a form of dichromacy characterized by lowered sensitivity to yellow light; so rare that its existence has been questioned.
monochromia monochromatism monochromatic_vision monochromasy monochromacy complete color blindness; colors can be differentiated only on the basis of brightness.
gaucher's_disease a rare chronic disorder of lipid metabolism of genetic origin.
huntington's_disease huntington's_chorea hereditary disease; develops in adulthood and ends in dementia.
limb-girdle_muscular_dystrophy an autosomal recessive form of muscular dystrophy that appears anywhere from late childhood to middle age; characterized by progressive muscular weakness beginning either in the shoulder or pelvic girdle; usually progresses slowly with cardiopulmonary complications in the later stages.
fanconi's_anemia fanconi's_anaemia congenital_pancytopenia a rare congenital anemia characterized by pancytopenia and hypoplasia of the bone marrow.
cholera_infantum often fatal form of gastroenteritis occurring in children; not true cholera but having similar symptoms.
nonsocial_infection cross_infection an infection that is acquired at a hospital or other healthcare facility.
shigellosis bacillary_dysentery an acute infection of the intestine by shigella bacteria; characterized by diarrhea and fever and abdominal pains.
throat_infection streptococcus_tonsilitis streptococcal_sore_throat strep_throat septic_sore_throat an infection of the oral pharynx and tonsils by streptococcus.
virus_infection viral_infection infection by a virus that is pathogenic to humans.
septicemia septicaemia blood_poisoning invasion of the bloodstream by virulent microorganisms from a focus of infection.
ozone_sickness illness that can occur to persons exposed to ozone in high-altitude aircraft; characterized by sleepiness and headache and chest pains and itchiness.
lagophthalmos abnormal condition in which an eye cannot close completely.
algidity prostration characterized by cold and clammy skin and low blood pressure.
pathology any deviation from a healthy or normal condition.
mazopathy mastopathy any pathology of the breast.
pes_cavus clawfoot a deformity of the foot characterized by an abnormally high arch and hyperextension of the toes which gives the foot the appearance of a claw.
talipes clubfoot congenital deformity of the foot usually marked by a curled shape or twisted position of the ankle and heel and toes.
talipes_equinus talipes in which the toes are pointed downward.
apple_canker apple_blight a disease of apple trees.
beet_blight a disease of beet plants.
blister_blight a disease of Scotch pines.
cane_blight a disease affecting the canes of various bush fruits (e.g., raspberries or currants).
celery_blight a fungous leaf spot disease of the celery plant.
collar_blight a disease affecting the trunks of pear and apple trees.
wheat_scab a disease of the heads of wheat plants.
peach_blight a disease of trees bearing drupes.
spinach_blight a disease of spinach plants.
spur_blight a disease of raspberries.
stripe_blight a disease of oats.
tomato_yellows tomato_blight a disease of tomato plants.
atopic_eczema atopic_dermatitis a severe form of dermatitis characterized by atopy.
eczema_herpeticum eczema characterized by a feverish condition and widespread eruption of vesicles; most common in children.
kaposi's_varicelliform_eruption eczema_vaccinatum a now rare complication of vaccinia superimposed on atopic dermatitis with high fever and generalized vesicles and papulovesicles.
keratodermia keratoderma any skin disorder consisting of a growth that appears horny.
keratosis_follicularis darier's_disease a rare hereditary condition marked by dark crusted patches (sometimes containing pus).
necrobiosis_lipoidica_diabeticorum necrobiosis_lipoidica skin disease marked by thin shiny patches (especially on the legs); often associated with diabetes mellitus.
liposarcoma sarcoma of fat cells.
chronic_lymphocytic_leukemia chronic leukemia characterized by lymphoblast-like cells; more common in older men.
myeloid_leukemia chronic_myelocytic_leukemia chronic leukemia characterized by granular leukocytes; more common in older people.
rhabdosarcoma rhabdomyosarcoma a highly malignant neoplasm derived from striated muscle.
lymphangioma benign angioma consisting of a mass of lymphatic vessels.
rhabdomyoma benign rumor of striated muscle.
testicular_cancer seminoma malignant tumor of the testis; usually occurring in older men.
eye_disease any disease of the eye.
macular_edema an eye disease caused by a swelling of the macula resulting from leakage and accumulation of fluid.
closed-angle_glaucoma angle-closure_glaucoma acute_glaucoma glaucoma in which the iris blocks the outflow of aqueous humor; "closed-angle glaucoma can cause a rapid buildup of high intraocular pressure that results in permanent visual damage in a couple of days".
keratonosus any disease of the cornea.
macular_degeneration eye disease caused by degeneration of the cells of the macula lutea and results in blurred vision; can cause blindness.
amd age-related_macular_degeneration macular degeneration that is age-related.
retinopathy a disease of the retina that can result in loss of vision.
chronic_wasting_disease a wildlife disease (akin to bovine spongiform encephalitis) that affects deer and elk.
fowl_pest either of two acute viral diseases of domestic fowl; characterized by refusal to eat and high temperature and discoloration of the comb.
hog_cholera highly infectious virus disease of swine.
hoof-and-mouth_disease foot-and-mouth_disease acute contagious disease of cloven-footed animals marked by ulcers in the mouth and around the hoofs.
aminoaciduria abnormal presence of amino acids in the urine; usually a symptom of metabolic defects.
kayser-fleischer_ring a pigmented ring at the outer edge of the cornea of the eye; a symptom of Wilson's disease.
glucosuria the presence of abnormally high levels of glucose in the urine.
glycosuria the presence of abnormally high levels of sugar in the urine.
myxomatosis a viral disease (usually fatal) of rabbits.
pip a disease of poultry.
psittacosis parrot_disease infectious disease of birds.
pullorum_disease bacillary_white_diarrhoea bacillary_white_diarrhea a serious bacterial disease of young chickens.
sweating_sickness a disease of cattle (especially calves).
texas_fever an infectious disease of cattle transmitted by the cattle tick.
trembles milk_sickness disease of livestock and especially cattle poisoned by eating certain kinds of snakeroot.
yatobyo tularemia tularaemia rabbit_fever deer_fly_fever a highly infectious disease of rodents (especially rabbits and squirrels) and sometimes transmitted to humans by ticks or flies or by handling infected animals.
plant_disease a disease that affects plants.
cotton_ball a fungus disease of cranberries.
hairy_root a phase of crown gall (especially in apples) during which there is abnormal development of fine fibrous roots.
sweet-potato_ring_rot disease of sweet potatoes in which roots are girdled by rings of dry rot.
pinkroot a fungal disease of onions.
trauma psychic_trauma an emotional wound or shock often having long-lasting effects.
sedation a state of reduced excitement or anxiety that is induced by the administrative of a sedative agent.
sign (medicine) any objective evidence of the presence of a disorder or disease; "there were no signs of asphyxiation".
sudden_infant_death_syndrome sids infant_death crib_death cot_death sudden and unexpected death of an apparently healthy infant during sleep.
water_blister blister containing a nonpurulent clear watery content.
hematuria haematuria the presence of blood in the urine; often a symptom of urinary tract disease.
enlargement the state of being enlarged.
iridoncus swelling of the iris of the eye.
skin_eruption exanthema exanthem eruption on the skin occurring as a symptom of a disease.
prickly_heat miliaria heat_rash obstruction of the sweat ducts during high heat and humidity.
melagra rheumatic or myalgic pains in the arms or legs.
photophobia photalgia pain in the eye resulting from exposure to bright light (often associated with albinism).
myosis epidemic_pleurodynia epidemic_myalgia diaphragmatic_pleurisy bornholm_disease an acute infectious disease occurring in epidemic form and featuring paroxysms of pain (usually in the chest).
systolic_murmur a murmur heard during systole.
pancarditis inflammation of the entire heart (the epicardium and the myocardium and the endocardium).
acute_hemorrhagic_encephalitis encephalitis that resembles apoplexy due to blood extravasation.
panencephalitis diffuse inflammation of the entire brain.
charley_horse charley-horse a muscular cramp (especially in the thigh or calf) following vigorous exercise.
hyperpyrexia extremely high fever (especially in children).
anemia anaemia a lack of vitality.
wheeziness presence of abnormal high-pitched sound heard with a stethoscope when an airway is blocked (as in asthma or chronic bronchitis).
morale a state of individual psychological well-being based upon a sense of confidence and usefulness and purpose.
delusions_of_grandeur a delusion (common in paranoia) that you are much greater and more powerful and influential than you really are.
pink_elephants any visual hallucination arising from heavy drinking.
visual_hallucination illusory visual perception.
mental_soundness mental_balance the healthy psychological state of someone with good judgment.
sanity saneness normal or sound powers of mind.
reasonableness reason rationality the state of having good sense and sound judgment; "his rationality may have been impaired"; "he had to rely less on reason than on rousing their emotions".
psychopathy mental_illness mental_disease any disease of the mind; the psychological state of someone who has emotional or behavioral problems serious enough to require psychiatric intervention.
generalized_anxiety_disorder gad anxiety_reaction an anxiety disorder characterized by chronic free-floating anxiety and such symptoms as tension or sweating or trembling or lightheadedness or irritability etc that has lasted for more than six months.
phobic_neurosis phobic_disorder phobia an anxiety disorder characterized by extreme and irrational fear of simple things or social situations; "phobic disorder is a general term for all phobias".
arachnophobia a morbid fear of spiders.
simple_phobia any phobia (other than agoraphobia) associated with relatively simple well-defined stimuli.
acrophobia a morbid fear of great heights.
astraphobia a morbid fear of thunder and lightning.
cryophobia a morbid fear of freezing.
cyberphobia irrational fear of computers or technology.
phobophobia a morbid fear of developing a phobia.
pyrophobia a morbid fear of fire.
taphephobia a morbid fear of being buried alive.
cynophobia a morbid fear of dogs.
musophobia a morbid fear of mice.
personality_disorder inflexible and maladaptive patterns of behavior.
sociopathic_personality psychopathic_personality antisocial_personality_disorder a personality disorder characterized by amorality and lack of affect; capable of violent acts without guilt feelings (`psychopathic personality' was once widely used but was superseded by `sociopathic personality' to indicate the social aspects of the disorder, but now `antisocial personality disorder' is the preferred term).
endogenous_depression a state of depression for which there is no apparent precipitating cause.
anxiety_hysteria a form of hysteria having features of both conversion disorder and anxiety neurosis.
anxiety_neurosis characterized by diffuse anxiety and often somatic manifestations of fear.
split_personality multiple_personality a relatively rare dissociative disorder in which the usual integrity of the personality breaks down and two or more independent personalities emerge.
pick's_disease a progressive form of presenile dementia found most often in middle-aged and elderly women and characterized by degeneration of the frontal and temporal lobes with loss of intellectual ability and transitory aphasia.
senile_psychosis senile_dementia dementia of the aged; results from degeneration of the brain in the absence of cerebrovascular disease.
rhinopathy any disease or malformation of the nose.
schizophrenic_psychosis schizophrenic_disorder schizophrenia dementia_praecox any of several psychotic disorders characterized by distortions of reality and disturbances of thought and language and withdrawal from social contact.
lambdacism speech defect involving excessive use or unusual pronunciation of the phoneme `l'.
swither sweat stew lather fret agitation resulting from active worry; "don't get in a stew"; "he's in a sweat about exams".
cold_sweat the physical condition of concurrent perspiration and chill; associated with fear.
fascination captivation the state of being intensely interested (as by awe or terror).
corner box a predicament from which a skillful or graceful escape is impossible; "his lying got him into a tight corner".
favourable_reception favorable_reception approval acceptance as satisfactory; "he bought it on approval".
acceptation acceptance as true or valid.
acquiescence acceptance without protest.
welcome the state of being welcome; "don't outstay your welcome".
disfavour disfavor the state of being out of favor; "he is in disfavor with the king".
severalty separateness distinctness discreteness the state of being several and distinct.
secrecy privateness privacy concealment the condition of being concealed or hidden.
hiddenness covertness the state of being covert and hidden.
consistency logical coherence and accordance with the facts; "a rambling argument that lacked any consistency".
marriage a close and intimate union; "the marriage of music and dance"; "a marriage of ideas".
melioration improvement a condition superior to an earlier condition; "the new school represents a great improvement".
restoration renovation refurbishment the state of being restored to its former good condition; "the inn was a renovation of a Colonial house".
manhood the state of being a man; manly qualities.
ripeness the state of being ripe.
biosafety_level_1 exposure only to infectious agents that do not ordinarily cause human disease.
biosafety_level_2 exposure to infectious agents that can cause disease in humans but whose potential for transmission is limited.
biosafety_level_3 exposure to infectious agents that can be transmitted by the respiratory route and which can cause serious infection.
biosafety_level_4 exposure to exotic infectious agents that pose a high risk of life-threatening disease and can be transmitted as an aerosol and for which there is no vaccine or therapy.
rating paygrade military_rating military_rank rank in a military organization.
flag_rank the rank of a flag officer.
dignity high office or rank or station; "he respected the dignity of the emissaries".
noblesse nobility the state of being of noble birth.
purple of imperial status; "he was born to the purple".
pedestal a position of great esteem (and supposed superiority); "they put him on a pedestal".
barony baronetcy the rank or dignity or position of a baronet or baroness.
dukedom the dignity or rank or position of a duke.
earldom the dignity or rank or position of an earl or countess.
kingship the dignity or rank or position of a king.
princedom the dignity or rank or position of a prince.
viscounty viscountcy the dignity or rank or position of a viscount or viscountess.
ennoblement the state of being noble.
prominence the state of being prominent: widely known or eminent.
strikingness saliency salience the state of being salient.
conspicuousness the state of being conspicuous.
importance grandness a prominent status; "a person of importance".
emphasis accent special importance or significance; "the red light gave the central figure increased emphasis"; "the room was decorated in shades of grey with distinctive red accents".
stress focus special emphasis attached to something; "the stress was more on accuracy than on speed".
preeminence note eminence distinction high status importance owing to marked superiority; "a scholar of great eminence".
prestigiousness prestige a high standing achieved through success or influence or wealth etc.; "he wanted to achieve power and prestige".
oblivion limbo the state of being disregarded or forgotten.
laurels honour honor the state of being honored.
glory glorification a state of high honor; "he valued glory above life itself".
respect regard esteem the condition of being honored (esteemed or respected or well regarded); "it is held in esteem"; "a man who has earned high regard".
disesteem the state in which esteem has been lost.
stature high level of respect gained by impressive development or achievement; "a man of great stature".
repute reputation the state of being held in high esteem and honor.
stock the reputation and popularity a person has; "his stock was so high he could have been elected mayor".
character good repute; "he is a man of character".
name a person's reputation; "he wanted to protect his good name".
fame favorable public reputation.
infamy evil fame or public reputation.
notoriety ill_fame the state of being known for some unfavorable act or quality.
corruptness the state of being corrupt.
humiliation state of disgrace or loss of self-respect.
degeneration degeneracy decadency decadence the state of being degenerate in mental or moral qualities.
supremacy mastery domination power to dominate or defeat; "mastery of the seas".
paramountcy the state of being paramount; the highest rank or authority.
relief ease the condition of being comfortable or relieved (especially after being relieved of distress); "he enjoyed his relief from responsibility"; "getting it off his conscience gave him some ease".
snugness coziness cosiness a state of warm snug comfort.
convenience the state of being suitable or opportune; "chairs arranged for his own convenience".
wellbeing well-being welfare upbeat eudaimonia eudaemonia a contented state of being happy and healthy and prosperous; "the town was finally on the upbeat after our recent troubles".
fool's_paradise an illusory state of wellbeing.
wellness health a healthy state of wellbeing free from disease; "physicians should be held responsible for the health of their patients".
ill-being lack of prosperity or happiness or health.
requisiteness the state of being absolutely required.
surfeit overabundance excess the state of being more than full.
helminthiasis infestation of the body with parasitic worms.
undress partial or complete nakedness; "a state of undress".
omniscience the state of being omniscient; having infinite knowledge.
god's_wisdom the omniscience of a divine being.
god's_will the omnipotence of a divine being.
dream someone or something wonderful; "this dessert is a dream".
refinement polish finish culture cultivation a highly developed state of perfection; having a flawless or impeccable quality; "they performed with great polish"; "I admired the exquisite refinement of his prose"; "almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art"--Joseph Conrad.
wholeness unity integrity an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting; "the integrity of the nervous system is required for normal development"; "he took measures to insure the territorial unity of Croatia".
completeness the state of being complete and entire; having everything that is needed.
totality integrality entirety entireness the state of being total and complete; "he read the article in its entirety"; "appalled by the totality of the destruction".
fullness comprehensiveness completeness over a broad scope.
partialness the state of being only a part; not total; incomplete.
sketchiness incompleteness of details.
hole a fault; "he shot holes in my argument".
polysomy congenital defect of having one or more extra chromosomes in somatic cells.
tetralogy_of_fallot fallot's_tetralogy fallot's_syndrome a congenital heart defect producing cyanosis; characterized by four symptoms: pulmonary stenosis and ventricular septal defect and malposition of the aorta over both ventricles and hypertrophy of the right ventricle.
waterhouse-friderichsen_syndrome syndrome associated with bacterial meningitis; marked by sudden high fever and skin discoloration and petechiae with hemorrhage into the adrenal glands and cardiovascular collapse.
williams_syndrome a rare congenital disorder associated with deletion of genetic material in chromosome 7; characterized by mental deficiency and some growth deficiency and elfin faces but an overly social personality and a remarkable gift for vocabulary.
syndactyly syndactylism birth defect in which there is partial or total webbing connecting two or more fingers or toes.
faultiness defectiveness the state of being defective.
luckiness good_luck good_fortune an auspicious state resulting from favorable outcomes.
providence a manifestation of God's foresightful care for his creatures.
successfulness prosperity the condition of prospering; having good fortune.
boon blessing a desirable state; "enjoy the blessings of peace"; "a spanking breeze is a boon to sailors".
mercy something for which to be thankful; "it was a mercy we got out alive".
strength the condition of financial success; "the strength of the company's stock in recent weeks".
weakness the condition of being financially weak; "the weakness of the dollar against the yen".
success a state of prosperity or fame; "he is enjoying great success"; "he does not consider wealth synonymous with success".
big_time the highest level of an occupation (especially in entertainment).
pay_dirt a profitable success; "the inventor worked for years before hitting pay dirt".
solidness solid_state solid the state in which a substance has no tendency to flow under moderate stress; resists forces (such as compression) that tend to deform it; and retains a definite size and shape.
conceivableness conceivability the state of being conceivable.
attainableness attainability achievability the state of being achievable.
confidence a state of confident hopefulness that events will be favorable; "public confidence in the economy".
opportunity chance a possibility due to a favorable combination of circumstances; "the holiday gave us the opportunity to visit Washington"; "now is your chance".
brass_ring a rich opportunity or a prize; "he missed the brass ring at the Miami convention".
day a period of opportunity; "he deserves his day in court"; "every dog has his day".
occasion an opportunity to do something; "there was never an occasion for her to demonstrate her skill".
room opportunity for; "room for improvement".
say the chance to speak; "let him have his say".
shot crack a chance to do something; "he wanted a shot at the champion".
street a situation offering opportunities; "he worked both sides of the street"; "cooperation is a two-way street".
expectation anticipation anticipating with confidence of fulfillment.
impurity impureness the condition of being impure.
feculence something that is feculent.
prosperity an economic state of growth with rising profits and full employment.
payable account_payable a liability account showing how much is owed for goods and services purchased on credit; "the problem was to match receivables and payables in the same currency".
richness affluence abundant wealth; "they studied forerunners of richness or poverty"; "the richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty".
ease comfort a freedom from financial difficulty that promotes a comfortable state; "a life of luxury and ease"; "he had all the material comforts of this world".
sumptuousness opulence luxury luxuriousness wealth as evidenced by sumptuous living.
sanitariness the state of being conducive to health.
hygiene a condition promoting sanitary practices; "personal hygiene".
sanitation the state of being clean and conducive to health.
cleanliness the habit of keeping free of superficial imperfections.
spotlessness immaculateness the state of being spotlessly clean.
tidiness the habit of being tidy.
spruceness neatness the state of being neat and smart and trim.
uncleanness dirtiness the state of being unsanitary.
pollution defilement befoulment the state of being polluted.
dinginess dinge discoloration due to dirtiness.
abnormality abnormalcy an abnormal physical condition resulting from defective genes or developmental deficiencies.
deviance aberration aberrancy aberrance a state or condition markedly different from the norm.
cyclopia a developmental abnormality in which there is only one eye.
infantilism an abnormal condition in which an older child or adult retains infantile characteristics.
phimosis an abnormal tightness of the foreskin preventing retraction over the glans.
home an environment offering affection and security; "home is where the heart is"; "he grew up in a good Christian home"; "there's no place like home".
surroundings milieu the environmental condition.
lotusland lotus_land an idyllic realm of contentment and self-indulgence.
responsibility province the proper sphere or extent of your activities; "it was his province to take care of himself".
showcase show_window a setting in which something can be displayed to best effect; "it was a showcase for democracy in Africa".
deforestation the state of being clear of trees.
good_weather weather suitable for outdoor activities.
mildness clemency good weather with comfortable temperatures.
zeitgeist the spirit of the time; the spirit characteristic of an age or generation.
resistance immunity (medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
active_immunity a form of acquired immunity in which the body produces its own antibodies against disease-causing antigens.
passive_immunity an impermanent form of acquired immunity in which antibodies against a disease are acquired naturally (as through the placenta to an unborn child) or artificially (as by injection of antiserum).
acquired_immunity immunity to a particular disease that is not innate but has been acquired during life; immunity can be acquired by the development of antibodies after an attack of an infectious disease or by a pregnant mother passing antibodies through the placenta to a fetus or by vaccination.
freedom exemption immunity from an obligation or duty.
liability the state of being legally obliged and responsible.
capacity capability the susceptibility of something to a particular treatment; "the capability of a metal to be fused".
sensitivity predisposition susceptibility to a pathogen.
type_iv_allergic_reaction delayed_allergy an allergic reaction that becomes apparent only hours after contact.
diathesis constitutional predisposition to a particular disease or abnormality.
mugginess a state of warm humidity.
drouth drought a shortage of rainfall; "farmers most affected by the drought hope that there may yet be sufficient rain early in the growing season".
safety the state of being certain that adverse effects will not be caused by some agent under defined conditions; "insure the safety of the children"; "the reciprocal of safety is risk".
biosafety safety from exposure to infectious agents.
invulnerability impregnability having the strength to withstand attack.
security the state of being free from danger or injury; "we support the armed services in the name of national security".
secureness the state of freedom from fear or danger.
health_hazard hazard to the health of those exposed to it.
vulnerability exposure the state of being vulnerable or exposed; "his vulnerability to litigation"; "his exposure to ridicule".
catatonia extreme tonus; muscular rigidity; a common symptom in catatonic schizophrenia.
thomsen's_disease myotonia_congenita a mild, rare, congenital form of myotonia characterized by muscle stiffness.
shape condition the state of (good) health (especially in the phrases `in condition' or `in shape' or `out of condition' or `out of shape').
physical_fitness fitness good physical condition; being in shape or in condition.
fettle a state of fitness and good health; "in fine fettle".
soundness a state or condition free from damage or decay.
valetudinarianism infirmity frailty frailness feebleness debility the state of being weak in health or body (especially from old age).
wasting cachexy cachexia any general reduction in vitality and strength of body and mind resulting from a debilitating chronic disease.
limping lameness gimpiness gimp gameness claudication disability of walking due to crippling of the legs or feet.
middle-ear_deafness conductive_hearing_loss conduction_deafness hearing loss due to problems with the bones of the middle ear.
hyperacusis hyperacusia auditory_hyperesthesia abnormal acuteness of hearing due to increased irritability of the sensory neural mechanism; characterized by intolerance for ordinary sound levels.
sensorineural_hearing_loss nerve_deafness hearing loss due to failure of the auditory nerve.
hyposmia lessened sensitivity to odors.
longsightedness hyperopia hypermetropy hypermetropia farsightedness abnormal condition in which vision for distant objects is better than for near objects.
anisometropia difference in the refractive power of the two eyes.
isometropia equality of refractive power in the two eyes.
eyelessness blindness due to loss of the eyes.
disintegration decomposition in a decomposed state.
dilapidation decrepitude a state of deterioration due to old age or long use.
foulness disgusting wickedness and immorality; "he understood the foulness of sin"; "his display of foulness deserved severe punishment"; "mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed".
impropriety the condition of being improper.
light illumination a condition of spiritual awareness; divine illumination; "follow God's light".
sale the state of being purchasable; offered or exhibited for selling; "you'll find vitamin C for sale at most pharmacies"; "the new line of cars will soon be on sale".
tinnitus a ringing or booming sensation in one or both ears; a symptom of an ear infection or Meniere's disease.
serration the condition of being serrated; "the serrations of a city skyline".
polyvalency polyvalence (toxicology) the state of being capable of counteracting more than one toxin or antigen or kind of microorganism.
polyvalency polyvalence multivalency multivalence (chemistry) the state of having a valence greater than two.
stigmatism the condition of having or being marked by stigmata.
uropathy any pathology of the urinary tract.
brutalization brutalisation the condition of being treated in a cruel and savage manner.
deification the condition of being treated like a god.
exoneration the condition of being relieved from blame or obligation.
facilitation the condition of being made easy (or easier); "social facilitation is an adaptive condition".
leakiness the condition of permitting leaks or leakage; "the leakiness of the roof"; "the heart valve's leakiness"; "the leakiness of the boat made it dangerous to use".
lubrication the condition of having been made smooth or slippery by the application of a lubricant.
mechanization mechanisation the condition of having a highly technical implementation.
motivation the condition of being motivated; "his motivation was at a high level".
paternity the state of being a father; "tests were conducted to determine paternity".
scandalization scandalisation the condition of being shocked (as by improper behavior).
philosophers'_stone philosopher's_stone elixir hypothetical substance that the alchemists believed to be capable of changing base metals into gold.
impurity dross worthless or dangerous material that should be removed; "there were impurities in the water".
ringer_solution ringer's_solution an aqueous solution containing the chlorides of sodium and potassium and calcium that is isotonic to animal tissues; used to correct dehydration and (in physiological experiments) as a medium for in vitro preparations.
staple raw_material material suitable for manufacture or use or finishing.
sorbate a material that has been or is capable of being taken up by another substance by either absorption or adsorption.
absorbate a material that has been or is capable of being absorbed.
adsorbate a material that has been or is capable of being adsorbed.
adobe the clay from which adobe bricks are made.
glutamine a crystalline amino acid occurring in proteins; important in protein metabolism.
hmg-coa_reductase 5-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme_a_reductase a liver enzyme that is responsible for producing cholesterol.
selenic_acid a strong acid (H2SeO4) analogous to sulfuric acid.
succinic_acid a dicarboxylic acid (C4H6O4) active in metabolic processes.
amino_group amino the radical -NH2.
amyl a hydrocarbon radical that occurs in many organic compounds.
anionic_compound a compound characterized by an active anion.
germanium ge atomic_number_32 a brittle grey crystalline element that is a semiconducting metalloid (resembling silicon) used in transistors; occurs in germanite and argyrodite.
mineral solid homogeneous inorganic substances occurring in nature having a definite chemical composition.
white_lead_ore cerussite a mineral consisting of lead carbonate that is an important source of lead.
cobaltite a rare silvery-white mineral; important ore of cobalt.
molybdenite a mineral resembling graphite that is valued as the chief source of molybdenum and its compounds.
pollucite a rare mineral that is an important source of cesium.
rhinestone an imitation diamond made from rock crystal or glass or paste.
cabochon a highly polished gem that is cut convexly but without facets.
amp adenylic_acid adenosine_monophosphate a nucleotide found in muscle cells and important in metabolism; reversibly convertible to ADP and ATP.
pseudoephedrine poisonous crystalline alkaloid occurring with ephedrine and isomorphic with it.
shag a strong coarse tobacco that has been shredded.
aluminum_bronze aluminium_bronze an alloy of copper and aluminum with high tensile strength and resistance to corrosion.
haptoglobin a protein in plasma that binds free hemoglobin and removes it (as from wounds).
cyclooxygenase-1 cox-1 an enzyme that regulates prostaglandins that are important for the health of the stomach lining and kidneys; "an unfortunate side effect of NSAIDs is that they block Cox-1".
ferment a substance capable of bringing about fermentation.
valeric_acid pentanoic_acid a clear liquid carboxylic acid used in perfumes and drugs.
androsterone an androgenic hormone that is less active than testosterone.
mineralocorticoid hormone that is one of the steroids of the adrenal cortex that influences the metabolism of sodium and potassium.
glucosamine an amino derivative of glucose that is a component of many polysaccharides.
cortone_acetate cortisone a corticosteroid hormone (trade name Cortone Acetate) normally produced by the adrenal cortex; is converted to hydrocortisone.
caffeine caffein a bitter alkaloid found in coffee and tea that is responsible for their stimulating effects.
calfskin calf fine leather from the skin of a calf.
glove_leather leather suitable for making gloves.
nitrogen_dioxide a highly poisonous brown gas (NO2).
art_paper a high-quality paper (usually having a filler of china clay).
benzoyl_peroxide a white crystalline peroxide used in bleaching (flour or oils or fats) and as a catalyst for free radical reactions.
binder_board binder's_board a cardboard used by bookbinders to make covers for books.
active_agent active chemical agent capable of activity.
reductant reducing_agent reducer a substance capable of bringing about the reduction of another substance as it itself is oxidized; used in photography to lessen the density of a negative or print by oxidizing some of the loose silver.
bond_paper bond a superior quality of strong durable white writing paper; originally made for printing documents.
pyroxyline pyroxylin highly flammable nitrocellulose used in making collodion and plastics and lacquers.
chokedamp blackdamp the atmosphere in a mine following an explosion; high in carbon dioxide and incapable of supporting life.
thiamine_pyrophosphate cocarboxylase a coenzyme important in respiration in the Krebs cycle.
posterboard poster_board paperboard a cardboard suitable for making posters.
ingot_iron iron of high purity.
cast_iron an alloy of iron containing so much carbon that it is brittle and so cannot be wrought but must be shaped by casting.
endorphin a neurochemical occurring naturally in the brain and having analgesic properties.
cinder_pig pig iron containing a substantial proportion of slag.
slip potter's clay that is thinned and used for coating or decorating ceramics.
steam_coal coal suitable for use under steam boilers.
construction_paper paper suitable for drawing and making cutouts.
cyanogen a colorless toxic gas with a pungent almond odor; has been used in chemical warfare.
disaccharide any of a variety of carbohydrates that yield two monosaccharide molecules on complete hydrolysis.
dressed_ore concentrate the desired mineral that is left after impurities have been removed from mined ore.
compressed_gas gas at a high pressure that can be used as a propellant.
nectar a sweet liquid secretion that is attractive to pollinators.
glycol ethylene_glycol ethanediol a sweet but poisonous syrupy liquid used as an antifreeze and solvent.
high_explosive a powerful chemical explosive that produces gas at a very high rate.
waste_product waste_matter waste_material waste any materials unused and rejected as worthless or unwanted; "they collect the waste once a week"; "much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers".
scrap_metal discarded metal suitable for reprocessing; "he finally sold the car for scrap metal".
facial_tissue tissue paper suitable for use on the face.
gift_wrap attractive wrapping paper suitable for wrapping gifts.
vitreous_silica quartz_glass quartz lechatelierite crystal colorless glass made of almost pure silica.
optical_flint flint_glass optical glass of high dispersion and high refractive index.
glucose a monosaccharide sugar that has several forms; an important source of physiological energy.
lubricator lubricating_substance lubricant lube a substance capable of reducing friction by making surfaces smooth or slippery.
rose_oil attar_of_roses a volatile fragrant oil obtained from fresh roses by steam distillation.
balm_of_gilead a fragrant oleoresin.
high-density_lipoprotein hdl alpha-lipoprotein a lipoprotein that transports cholesterol in the blood; composed of a high proportion of protein and relatively little cholesterol; high levels are thought to be associated with decreased risk of coronary heart disease and atherosclerosis.
humate material that is high in humic acids.
bitumen any of various naturally occurring impure mixtures of hydrocarbons.
indoleacetic_acid iaa a plant hormone promoting elongation of stems and roots.
inducer an agent capable of activating specific genes.
paraffin_oil paraffin (British usage) kerosine.
linen_paper linen a high-quality paper made of linen fibers or with a linen finish.
leucine a white crystalline amino acid occurring in proteins that is essential for nutrition; obtained by the hydrolysis of most dietary proteins.
calcium_carbonate a salt found in nature as chalk or calcite or aragonite or limestone.
lint fine ravellings of cotton or linen fibers.
lipase an enzyme secreted in the digestive tract that catalyzes the breakdown of fats into individual fatty acids that can be absorbed into the bloodstream.
liquid_crystal a liquid exhibiting properties of a crystal that are not shown by ordinary liquids.
magnetite magnetic_iron-ore an oxide of iron that is strongly attracted by magnets.
matchwood wood suitable for making matchsticks.
mine_pig pig iron made entirely from ore.
morganite a kind of pink beryl used as a gemstone.
nitrogen_mustard a toxic compound resembling mustard gas in structure; important in cancer treatment.
nitrogenase an enzyme of nitrogen-fixing microorganisms that catalyzes the conversion of nitrogen to ammonia.
nylon a thermoplastic polyamide; a family of strong resilient synthetic fibers.
oligosaccharide any of the carbohydrates that yield only a few monosaccharide molecules on complete hydrolysis.
parchment a superior paper resembling sheepskin.
pay_dirt ore that yields a substantial profit to the miner.
phosgene a colorless poisonous gas that smells like new-mown hay; used in chemical warfare.
picric_acid a yellow toxic highly explosive strong acid; used in high explosives and as a dye and in chemical reactions.
fluorescein_isothiocyanate fluorescein_isocyanate a fluorochrome commonly conjugated with antibodies for use in indirect immunofluorescence.
yellow_prussiate_of_potash potassium_ferrocyanide a cyanide compound that is prepared by the reaction of potassium cyanide with ferrous salts; commonly used by gardeners.
dolphin_oil an unsaturated fatty oil obtained from dolphins and used as a fine lubricant.
propyl_alcohol propanol a clear colorless volatile liquid (alcohol) used as a solvent and antiseptic.
silicone_rubber made from silicone elastomers; retains flexibility resilience and tensile strength over a wide temperature range.
butyl a hydrocarbon radical (C4H9).
perchloride a chloride containing an unusually high proportion of chlorine.
scale_wax paraffin_scale partly refined paraffin wax.
scheelite a mineral used as an ore of tungsten.
rf releasing_hormone releasing_factor a substance produced by the hypothalamus that is capable of accelerating the secretion of a given hormone by the anterior pituitary gland.
antitoxin an antibody that can neutralize a specific toxin.
exotoxin a toxin that is secreted by microorganisms into the surrounding medium.
neurotoxin neurolysin any toxin that affects neural tissues.
humic_shale shale that is rich in humic acids.
solvent resolvent dissolving_agent dissolver dissolvent a liquid substance capable of dissolving other substances; "the solvent does not change its state in forming a solution".
soman gd a nerve agent easily absorbed into the body; a lethal cholinesterase inhibitor that is highly toxic when inhaled.
hdl_cholesterol the cholesterol in high-density lipoproteins; the `good' cholesterol; a high level in the blood is thought to lower the risk of coronary artery disease.
oxidized_ldl_cholesterol LDL cholesterol that has been bombarded by free radicals; it is thought to cause atherosclerosis.
structural_steel a strong steel that is rolled into shapes that are used in construction.
surgical_spirit methylated spirit used in the practice of medicine (especially for cleansing the skin before injections or before surgery).
swedish_iron wrought iron of high purity made in Sweden.
catechin a tannic acid that is extracted from black catechu as a white crystalline substance.
tetrasaccharide any of a variety of carbohydrates that yield four monosaccharide molecules on complete hydrolysis.
tool_steel alloy steel that is suitable for making tools; is hard and tough and can retain a cutting edge.
trisaccharide any of a variety of carbohydrates that yield three monosaccharide molecules on complete hydrolysis.
typing_paper typewriter_paper writing paper suitable for use in a typewriter.
undecylenic_acid an acid that is a component of perspiration.
uranium_ore any ore from which uranium can be extracted.
vanadium_steel steel alloyed with vanadium for greater strength and high-temperature stability.
vellum a heavy creamy-colored paper resembling parchment.
vitamin_b6 pyridoxine pyridoxamine pyridoxal adermin a B vitamin that is essential for metabolism of amino acids and starch.
vitamin_e tocopherol e a fat-soluble vitamin that is essential for normal reproduction; an important antioxidant that neutralizes free radicals in the body.
vitriol sulphuric_acid sulfuric_acid oil_of_vitriol (H2SO4) a highly corrosive acid made from sulfur dioxide; widely used in the chemical industry.
cashmere the wool of the Kashmir goat.
work_time a time period when you are required to work.
times a more or less definite period of time now or previously present; "it was a sign of the times".
present_times modern_world modern_times contemporary_world the circumstances and ideas of the present age; "in modern times like these".
time an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities); "he waited a long time"; "the time of year for planting"; "he was a great actor in his time".
day some point or period in time; "it should arrive any day now"; "after that day she never trusted him again"; "those were the days"; "these days it is not unusual".
cenozoic_era cenozoic age_of_mammals approximately the last 63 million years.
recent_epoch recent holocene_epoch holocene approximately the last 10,000 years.
miocene_epoch miocene from 25 million to 13 million years ago; appearance of grazing mammals.
oligocene_epoch oligocene from 40 million to 25 million years ago; appearance of sabertoothed cats.
cretaceous_period cretaceous from 135 million to 63 million years ago; end of the age of reptiles; appearance of modern insects and flowering plants.
upper_carboniferous_period upper_carboniferous pennsylvanian_period pennsylvanian from 310 million to 280 million years ago; warm climate; swampy land.
devonian_period devonian age_of_fishes from 405 million to 345 million years ago; preponderance of fishes and appearance of amphibians and ammonites.
proterozoic_eon proterozoic_aeon proterozoic from 2,500 to 544 million years ago; bacteria and fungi; primitive multicellular organisms.
span the complete duration of something; "the job was finished in the span of an hour".
spare_time free_time time available for hobbies and other activities that you enjoy.
honeymoon a holiday taken by a newly married couple.
millennium millenary a span of 1000 years.
bimillennium bimillenary a span of 2000 years.
last death the time at which life ends; continuing until dead; "she stayed until his death"; "a struggle to the last".
salad_days bloom_of_youth bloom the best time of youth.
majority legal_age the age at which persons are considered competent to manage their own affairs.
prime_of_life prime the time of maturity when power and vigor are greatest.
middle_age the time of life between youth and old age (e.g., between 40 and 60 years of age).
day_of_the_month date the specified day of the month; "what is the date today?".
religious_festival church_festival a festival having religious significance.
red-letter_day a memorably happy or noteworthy day (from the custom of marking holy days in red on church calendars).
last_judgment last_judgement last_day judgment_day judgement_day eschaton end_of_the_world doomsday day_of_reckoning day_of_judgment day_of_judgement crack_of_doom (New Testament) day at the end of time following Armageddon when God will decree the fates of all individual humans according to the good and evil of their earthly lives.
new_style_calendar gregorian_calendar the solar calendar now in general use, introduced by Gregory XIII in 1582 to correct an error in the Julian calendar by suppressing 10 days, making Oct 5 be called Oct 15, and providing that only centenary years divisible by 400 should be leap years; it was adopted by Great Britain and the American colonies in 1752.
curfew the time that the curfew signal is sounded.
point_in_time point an instant of time; "at that point I had to leave".
checkout_time checkout the latest time for vacating a hotel room; "the checkout here is 12 noon".
new_year's_eve december_31 the last day of the year.
rosh_hodesh rosh_chodesh (Judaism) the beginning of each month in the Jewish calendar; marked by a special liturgy.
tet the New Year in Vietnam; observed for three days after the first full moon after January 20th.
saint_martin's_summer indian_summer a period of unusually warm weather in the autumn.
michaelmastide the season of Michaelmas.
armed_forces_day the 3rd Saturday in May.
lammastide the season of Lammas.
eastertide the Easter season.
twelfthtide the season of Epiphany.
fast_of_the_firstborn (Judaism) a minor fast day on Nissan 14 that is observed only by firstborn males; it is observed on the day before Passover.
leap_year intercalary_year bissextile_year 366_days in the Gregorian calendar: any year divisible by 4 except centenary years divisible by 400.
off_year a year in which no major political elections are held.
century a period of 100 years.
half-century a period of 50 years.
quarter-century a period of 25 years.
new_phase_of_the_moon new_moon the time at which the Moon appears as a narrow waxing crescent.
veadar adar_sheni included seven times in every 19 years.
hard_time a term served in a maximum security prison.
silly_season a time usually late summer characterized by exaggerated news stories about frivolous matters for want of real news.
golden_age (classical mythology) the first and best age of the world, a time of ideal happiness, prosperity, and innocence; by extension, any flourishing and outstanding period.
growing_season the season during which a crop grows best.
peak_season high_season the season when travel is most active and rates are highest; "they traveled to Europe in high season".
season a recurrent time marked by major holidays; "it was the Christmas season".
social_season the season for major social events.
shrove_tuesday pancake_day mardi_gras the last day before Lent.
year_dot as long ago as anyone can remember; "he has been a conductor since the year dot".
last_minute eleventh_hour the latest possible moment; "money became available at the eleventh hour"; "at the last minute the government changed the rules".
moment_of_truth a crucial moment on which much depends.
time a suitable moment; "it is time to go".
high_time the latest possible moment; "it is high time you went to work".
occasion the time of a particular event; "on the occasion of his 60th birthday".
wee a short time; "bide a wee".
day an era of existence or influence; "in the day of the dinosaurs"; "in the days of the Roman Empire"; "in the days of sailing ships"; "he was a successful pianist in his day".
technological_revolution industrial_revolution the transformation from an agricultural to an industrial nation.
today the present time or age; "the world of today"; "today we have computers".
millennium (New Testament) in Revelations it is foretold that those faithful to Jesus will reign with Jesus over the earth for a thousand years; the meaning of these words have been much debated; some denominations (e.g. Jehovah's Witnesses) expect it to be a thousand years of justice and peace and happiness.
allegro a brisk and lively tempo.
allegro_con_spirito lively with spirit.
starting_time start showtime outset offset kickoff get-go first commencement beginning the time at which something is supposed to begin; "they got an early start"; "she knew from the get-go that he was the man for her".
presidential_term presidency administration the tenure of a president; "things were quiet during the Eisenhower administration".
time_interval interval a definite length of time marked off by two instants.
lunitidal_interval interval between the moon's transit of a particular meridian and the next high tide at that meridian.
suspension pause interruption intermission break a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
eternity a seemingly endless time interval (waiting).
rest_period rest respite relief a pause for relaxation; "people actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests".
moratorium a legally authorized postponement before some obligation must be discharged.
tide lunar_time_period there are usually two high and two low tides each day.
nyquist_rate (telecommunication) the lowest sampling rate that will permit accurate reconstruction of a sampled analog signal.
peculiar_velocity velocity with respect to the local standard of rest.
period the interval taken to complete one cycle of a regularly repeating phenomenon.
prime peak heyday flush flower efflorescence blossom bloom the period of greatest prosperity or productivity.
then that time; that moment; "we will arrive before then"; "we were friends from then on".
scarcely scarce just hardly barely only a very short time before; "they could barely hear the speaker"; "we hardly knew them"; "just missed being hit"; "had scarcely rung the bell when the door flew open"; "would have scarce arrived before she would have found some excuse to leave"- W.B.Yeats.
just exactly at this moment or the moment described; "we've just finished painting the walls, so don't touch them";.
anisotropically in an anisotropic manner.
fundamentally essentially basically in essence; at bottom or by one's (or its) very nature; "He is basically dishonest"; "the argument was essentially a technical one"; "for all his bluster he is in essence a shy person".
blessedly in a blessed manner.
enviably in an enviable manner; "she was enviably fluent in French".
pointedly in such a manner as to make something clearly evident; "he pointedly ignored the question".
kindly in a kind manner or out of kindness; "He spoke kindly to the boy"; "she kindly overlooked the mistake".
unkindly in an unkind manner or with unkindness; "The teacher treats the children unkindly".
simply absolutely; altogether; really; "we are simply broke".
unabashedly in an unabashed manner; "unabashedly, he asked for more".
automatically in a reflex manner; "he answered automatically".
alarmingly in an alarming manner; "It grew alarmingly fast".
vastly immensely to an exceedingly great extent or degree; "He had vastly overestimated his resources"; "was immensely more important to the project as a scientist than as an administrator".
significantly in a significant manner; "our budget will be significantly affected by these new cuts".
sprucely smartly modishly in a stylish manner; "He was smartly dressed".
some roughly or_so more_or_less just_about close_to around approximately about (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct; "lasted approximately an hour"; "in just about a minute"; "he's about 30 years old"; "I've had about all I can stand"; "we meet about once a month"; "some forty people came"; "weighs around a hundred pounds"; "roughly $3,000"; "holds 3 gallons, more or less"; "20 or so people were at the party".
absolutely totally and definitely; without question; "we are absolutely opposed to the idea"; "he forced himself to lie absolutely still"; "iron is absolutely necessary".
wholly whole totally entirely completely altogether all to a complete degree or to the full or entire extent (`whole' is often used informally for `wholly'); "he was wholly convinced"; "entirely satisfied with the meal"; "it was completely different from what we expected"; "was completely at fault"; "a totally new situation"; "the directions were all wrong"; "it was not altogether her fault"; "an altogether new approach"; "a whole new idea".
utterly perfectly dead absolutely completely and without qualification; used informally as intensifiers; "an absolutely magnificent painting"; "a perfectly idiotic idea"; "you're perfectly right"; "utterly miserable"; "you can be dead sure of my innocence"; "was dead tired"; "dead right".
plumb plum clean completely; used as intensifiers; "clean forgot the appointment"; "I'm plumb (or plum) tuckered out".
perfectly in a perfect or faultless way; "She performed perfectly on the balance beam"; "spoke English perfectly"; "solved the problem perfectly".
pat completely or perfectly; "he has the lesson pat"; "had the system down pat".
please used in polite request; "please pay attention".
well good (often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard (`good' is a nonstandard dialectal variant for `well'); "the children behaved well"; "a task well done"; "the party went well"; "he slept well"; "a well-argued thesis"; "a well-seasoned dish"; "a well-planned party"; "the baby can walk pretty good".
isotropically in an isotropic manner.
well3 without unusual distress or resentment; with good humor; "took the joke well"; "took the tragic news well".
well easily indicating high probability; in all likelihood; "I might well do it"; "a mistake that could easily have ended in disaster"; "you may well need your umbrella"; "he could equally well be trying to deceive us".
well thoroughly or completely; fully; often used as a combining form; "The problem is well understood"; "she was well informed"; "shake well before using"; "in order to avoid food poisoning be sure the meat is well cooked"; "well-done beef", "well-satisfied customers"; "well-educated".
well favorably; with approval; "their neighbors spoke well of them"; "he thought well of the book".
well1 advantageously in a manner affording benefit or advantage; "she married well"; "The children were settled advantageously in Seattle".
well substantially considerably to a great extent or degree; "I'm afraid the film was well over budget"; "painting the room white made it seem considerably (or substantially) larger"; "the house has fallen considerably in value"; "the price went up substantially".
well0 with skill or in a pleasing manner; "she dances well"; "he writes well".
well with prudence or propriety; "You would do well to say nothing more"; "could not well refuse".
well intimately with great or especially intimate knowledge; "we knew them well".
well (used for emphasis or as an intensifier) entirely or fully; "a book well worth reading"; "was well aware of the difficulties ahead"; "suspected only too well what might be going on".
satisfactorily in a satisfactory manner.
okay o.k. alright all_right in a satisfactory or adequate manner; "she'll do okay on her own"; "held up all right under pressure"; (`alright' is a nonstandard variant of `all right').
prosperously in the manner of prosperous people.
worse (comparative of `ill') in a less effective or successful or desirable manner; "he did worse on the second exam".
even used as an intensive especially to indicate something unexpected; "even an idiot knows that"; "declined even to consider the idea"; "I don't have even a dollar!".
even to the full extent; "loyal even unto death".
quite_an quite_a quite of an unusually noticeable or exceptional or remarkable kind (not used with a negative); "her victory was quite something"; "she's quite a girl"; "quite a film"; "quite a walk"; "we've had quite an afternoon".
quite actually or truly or to an extreme; "was quite a sudden change"; "it's quite the thing to do"; "quite the rage"; "Quite so!".
con_brio with liveliness or spirit; "allegro con brio".
conjecturally in a manner involving or inclined to conjecture and supposition.
consecutively in a consecutive manner; "he was consecutively ill, then well, then ill again".
coterminously in a coterminous manner.
palmately in a palmate manner; "palmately cleft".
paradoxically in a paradoxical manner; "paradoxically, ice ages seem to occur when the sun gets hotter".
parasitically in a parasitic manner.
conventionally in a conventional manner; "he usually behaves rather conventionally".
unconventionally in an unconventional manner; "she always behaves rather unconventionally".
pathogenically in a pathogenic manner.
pictorially in a pictorial manner; "depth is established pictorially".
everywhere everyplace all_over to or in any or all places; "You find fast food stores everywhere"; "people everywhere are becoming aware of the problem"; "he carried a gun everywhere he went"; "looked all over for a suitable gift"; (`everyplace' is used informally for `everywhere').
high_and_low everywhere; "searched high and low".
yet up to the present time; "I have yet to see the results"; "details are yet to be worked out".
yet so_far used after a superlative; "this is the best so far"; "the largest drug bust yet".
however in whatever way or manner; "Victory, however it was brought about, was sweet"; "however he did it, it was very clever".
already prior to a specified or implied time; "she has already graduated".
incredibly fantastically fabulously exceedingly; extremely; "she plays fabulously well".
right powerful mighty mightily (Southern regional intensive) very; to a great degree; "the baby is mighty cute"; "he's mighty tired"; "it is powerful humid"; "that boy is powerful big now"; "they have a right nice place"; "they rejoiced mightily".
good_and completely or thoroughly; "when I'm good and ready".
fucking intensifier, very colloquial; "what took you so fucking long?".
much very; "he was much annoyed".
spiritedly in a spirited or lively manner; with animation and vivacity.
sportively in a merry sportive manner.
oftener more often or more frequently.
peculiarly oddly curiously in a manner differing from the usual or expected; "had a curiously husky voice"; "he's behaving rather peculiarly".
unreasonably immoderately to a degree that exceeds the bounds or reason or moderation; "his prices are unreasonably high".
per_se intrinsically in_and_of_itself as_such with respect to its inherent nature; "this statement is interesting per se".
unquestionably in_spades emphatically definitely decidedly by_all_odds without question and beyond doubt; "it was decidedly too expensive"; "she told him off in spades"; "by all odds they should win".
truly really genuinely in accordance with truth or fact or reality; "she was now truly American"; "a genuinely open society"; "they don't really listen to us".
truly really in_truth in fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers); "in truth, moral decay hastened the decline of the Roman Empire"; "really, you shouldn't have done it"; "a truly awful book".
unclearly in a manner that is unclear.
plainly plain patently obviously manifestly evidently apparently unmistakably (`plain' is often used informally for `plainly'); "the answer is obviously wrong"; "she was in bed and evidently in great pain"; "he was manifestly too important to leave off the guest list"; "it is all patently nonsense"; "she has apparently been living here for some time"; "I thought he owned the property, but apparently not"; "You are plainly wrong"; "he is plain stubborn".
seemingly ostensibly on_the_face_of_it apparently from appearances alone; "irrigation often produces bumper crops from apparently desert land"; "the child is seemingly healthy but the doctor is concerned"; "had been ostensibly frank as to his purpose while really concealing it"-Thomas Hardy; "on the face of it the problem seems minor".
unexpectedly circumstantially by_chance accidentally without advance planning; "they met accidentally".
specifically in distinction from others; "a program specifically for teenagers"; "he is interested specifically in poisonous snakes".
nonspecifically without specificity; "nonspecifically staining substances".
luckily fortunately fortuitously as_luck_would_have_it by good fortune; "fortunately the weather was good".
happily in an unexpectedly lucky way; "happily he was not injured".
hence from this time; "a year hence it will be forgotten".
face_to_face involving close contact; confronting each other; "the boy and the policeman suddenly came face-to-face at the corner"; "they spoke face to face".
person-to-person one-on-one (of two persons) in direct encounter; "preferred to settle the matter one-on-one"; "interviewed her person-to-person".
if_not perhaps; indicating possibility of being more remarkable (greater or better or sooner) than; "will yield 10% if not more"; "pretty if not actually beautiful"; "let's meet tonight if not sooner".
otherwise in other respects or ways; "he is otherwise normal"; "the funds are not otherwise available"; "an otherwise hopeless situation".
out_and_away far_and_away by_far by a considerable margin; "she was by far the smartest student"; "it was far and away the best meal he had ever eaten".
head_and_shoulders_above outstandingly superior to; "in intelligence he was head and shoulders above the others in his class".
today nowadays now in these times; "it is solely by their language that the upper classes nowadays are distinguished"- Nancy Mitford; "we now rarely see horse-drawn vehicles on city streets"; "today almost every home has television".
sharply aggressively in an aggressive manner; "she was being sharply questioned".
shrilly piercingly in a shrill voice; "she sang rather shrilly".
mirthfully merrily jubilantly happily gayly blithely in a joyous manner; "they shouted happily".
no_more no referring to the degree to which a certain quality is present; "he was no heavier than a child".
unwaveringly steadfastly firmly firm with resolute determination; "we firmly believed it"; "you must stand firm".
straightforwardly squarely foursquare with firmness and conviction; without compromise; "he stood foursquare for religious liberty and toleration"- C.G.Bowers; "dealt straightforwardly with all issues".
tirelessly inexhaustibly indefatigably with indefatigable energy; "she watched the show indefatigably".
biradially in a biradial manner; "biradially symmetrical".
bitterly with bitterness, in a resentful manner; "she complained bitterly".
very_well ok fine alright all_right an expression of agreement normally occurring at the beginning of a sentence.
swiftly fleetly in a swift manner; "she moved swiftly".
openly in an open way; "he openly flaunted his affection for his sister".
pyramidically in a pyramidal manner or shape; "the bush was trimmed pyramidically".
easily without question; "easily the best book she's written".
hand_to_hand at close quarters; "fought hand to hand".
terribly frightfully awfully awful used as intensifiers; "terribly interesting"; "I'm awful sorry".
tolerably so-so acceptably in an acceptable (but not outstanding) manner; "she plays tennis tolerably".
abusively in an abusive manner; "he behaved abusively toward his children".
admiringly with admiration; "he looked at his wife admiringly".
adoringly with adoration; "he looked at his wife adoringly".
adroitly with adroitness; in an adroit manner; "he handled the situation adroitly".
maladroitly in a maladroit manner; "he dealt with the situation maladroitly".
greatly to an extraordinary extent or degree; "he improved greatly".
drastically in a drastic manner.
the_least_bit in_the_least at_all in the slightest degree or in any respect; "Are you at all interested? No, not at all"; "was not in the least unfriendly".
by_all_means definitely or certainly; "Visit us by all means".
thoroughly exhaustively in an exhaustive manner; "we searched the files thoroughly".
through_and_through through throughout the entire extent; "got soaked through in the rain"; "I'm frozen through"; "a letter shot through with the writer's personality"; "knew him through and through"; "boards rotten through and through".
soundly deeply or completely; "slept soundly through the storm"; "the baby is sleeping soundly".
straight flat directly in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly; "he didn't answer directly"; "told me straight out"; "came out flat for less work and more pay".
indigenously in an indigenous manner.
individualistically in an individualistic manner.
intractably in an intractable manner.
man-to-man directly; "we must talk man-to-man".
much to a great degree or extent; "she's much better now".
very_much much lots a_lot a_great_deal a_good_deal to a very great degree or extent; "I feel a lot better"; "we enjoyed ourselves very much"; "she was very much interested"; "this would help a great deal".
often much a_great_deal frequently or in great quantities; "I don't drink much"; "I don't travel much".
often in many cases or instances.
better comparative of `well'; in a better or more excellent manner or more advantageously or attractively or to a greater degree etc.; "She had never sung better"; "a deed better left undone"; "better suited to the job".
in_effect effectively in actuality or reality or fact; "she is effectively his wife"; "in effect, they had no choice".
de_facto in reality or fact; "the result was, de facto, a one-party system".
to_all_intents_and_purposes for_all_practical_purposes for_all_intents_and_purposes in every practical sense; "to all intents and purposes the case is closed"; "the rest are for all practical purposes useless".
reproducibly in a manner that is reproducible.
inscrutably in an inscrutable manner.
insensately in an insensate manner.
purposely on_purpose intentionally designedly deliberately by_design by_choice advisedly with intention; in an intentional manner; "he used that word intentionally"; "I did this by choice".
unintentionally accidentally without intention; in an unintentional manner; "she hit him unintentionally".
accordingly in accordance with; "she acted accordingly".
a_fortiori with greater reason; for a still stronger, more certain reason; "if you are wrong then, a fortiori, so am I".
anatomically with respect to anatomy; "anatomically correct".
chronologically with respect to chronology; "he is chronologically older".
clinically in a clinical manner; "she is clinically qualified".
punctually duly at the proper time; "she was duly apprised of the raise".
mathematically with respect to mathematics; "mathematically impossible".
lengthily at_length in a lengthy or prolix manner; "the argument went on lengthily"; "she talked at length about the problem".
lastingly in an enduring or permanent manner.
inattentively abstractedly absentmindedly absently in an absentminded or preoccupied manner; "he read the letter absently".
accusingly in an accusing manner; "he looked at her accusingly".
touchingly poignantly affectingly in a poignant or touching manner; "she spoke poignantly".
ahead to a more advanced or advantageous position; "a young man sure to get ahead"; "pushing talented students ahead".
right_along all_along all the time or over a period of time; "She had known all along"; "the hope had been there all along".
on indicates continuity or persistence or concentration; "his spirit lives on"; "shall I read on?".
alike in a like manner; "they walk alike".
analogously in an analogous manner; "analogously, we have a variable".
willy-nilly randomly indiscriminately haphazardly every_which_way at_random arbitrarily in a random manner; "the houses were randomly scattered"; "bullets were fired into the crowd at random".
around to a particular destination either specified or understood; "she came around to see me"; "I invited them around for supper".
asexually in an asexual manner; "plants that reproduce asexually".
frontwards frontward forwards forward forrard forrad at or to or toward the front; "he faced forward"; "step forward"; "she practiced sewing backward as well as frontward on her new sewing machine"; (`forrad' and `forrard' are dialectal variations).
axially with respect to an axis; "the jet was directed axially toward the cathode".
brazenly in a brazen manner; "he spoke brazenly".
brilliantly brightly bright with brightness; "the stars shone brilliantly"; "the windows glowed jewel bright".
commercially in a commercial manner; "the product is commercially available".
dearly dear at a great cost; "he paid dearly for the food"; "this cost him dear".
dearly dear affectionately with affection; "she loved him dearly"; "he treats her affectionately".
in_a_heartfelt_way dearly in a sincere and heartfelt manner; "I would dearly love to know".
decoratively in a decorative manner; "used decoratively at Christmas".
covertly in a covert manner; "he did it covertly".
overtly in an overt manner; "he did it overtly".
microscopically as if by using a microscope; with extreme precision and attention to detail; in minute detail; "every manuscript was edited microscopically".
undoubtedly doubtlessly doubtless without doubt; certainly; "it's undoubtedly very beautiful".
statistically with respect to statistics; "this is statistically impossible".
thermodynamically with respect to thermodynamics; "this phenomenon is thermodynamically impossible".
actively in an active manner; "he participated actively in the war".
passively in a passive manner; "he listened passively".
to_a_higher_place in_a_higher_place higher_up above in or to a place that is higher.
scornfully disdainfully contumeliously contemptuously without respect; in a disdainful manner; "she spoke of him contemptuously".
contractually by virtue of a contract; "they were contractually responsible".
madly insanely dementedly crazily in an insane manner; "she behaved insanely"; "he behaves crazily when he is off his medication"; "the witch cackled madly"; "screaming dementedly".
sanely in a sane or lucid manner; "she is behaving rather sanely these days even though we know she is schizophrenic".
comically in a comical manner; "the tone was comically desperate".
dazzlingly in a manner or to a degree that dazzles the beholder.
deprecatively in a deprecative manner.
dichotomously in a dichotomous manner.
digitately in a digitate manner.
disruptively in a disruptive manner.
multiply in several ways; in a multiple manner; "they were multiply checked for errors".
multiplicatively in a multiplicative manner; "the errors increased multiplicatively".
in_two_ways doubly in a twofold manner; "he was doubly wrong".
through_empirical_observation empirically by_trial_and_error in an empirical manner; "this can be empirically tested".
extra unusually or exceptionally; "an extra fast car".
intricately in_an_elaborate_way elaborately with elaboration; "it was elaborately spelled out".
exasperatingly in an exasperating manner.
permissively in a permissive manner.
permissibly allowably in a permissible manner.
unconditionally flatly categorically in an unqualified manner; "he flatly denied the charges".
permanently for_good for a long time without essential change; "he is permanently disabled".
spontaneously impromptu ad_libitum ad_lib without advance preparation; "he spoke ad lib".
continually seemingly without interruption; "complained continually that there wasn't enough money".
highly in a high position or level or rank; "details known by only a few highly placed persons".
highly extremely to a high degree or extent; favorably or with much respect; "highly successful"; "He spoke highly of her"; "does not think highly of his writing"; "extremely interesting".
highly at a high rate or wage; "highly paid workers".
marginally in a marginal manner; "marginally interesting".
wearily tiredly in a weary manner; "he walked around tiredly".
vitally to a vital degree; "this is vitally important".
energetically in an energetic manner.
strenuously in a strenuous manner; strongly or vigorously; "he objected strenuously to the stand his party was taking".
dingdong heartily or earnestly; "They fell to work dingdong".
mightily powerfully or vigorously; "he strove mightily to achieve a better position in life".
hard earnestly or intently; "thought hard about it"; "stared hard at the accused".
denominationally with respect to denomination; "denominationally diverse audiences".
cortically with respect to the cortex; "cortically induced arousal".
focally in a focal manner; "the submucosa was focally infiltrated".
hypothalamically with respect to the hypothalamus; "hypothalamically controlled secretions".
divertingly amusingly in an entertaining and amusing manner; "Hollywood has grown too sophisticated to turn out anything really amusingly bad these days".
upstairs with respect to the mind; "she's a bit weak upstairs".
down from an earlier time; "the story was passed down from father to son".
upwards upward up to a later time; "they moved the meeting date up"; "from childhood upward".
up nearer to the speaker; "he walked up and grabbed my lapels".
up to a higher intensity; "he turned up the volume".
downright thoroughgoing; "he is outright dishonest".
mordaciously in a mordacious manner; "she taunted him mordaciously".
less comparative of little; "she walks less than she should"; "he works less these days".
too_soon early ahead_of_time before the usual time or the time expected; "she graduated early"; "the house was completed ahead of time".
early betimes in good time; "he awoke betimes that morning".
for_that_matter as far as that is concerned; "for that matter I don't care either".
afar (old-fashioned) at or from or to a great distance; far; "we traveled afar"; "we could see the ship afar off"; "the Magi came from afar".
far remote in time; "if we could see far into the future"; "all that happened far in the past".
far_and_wide far_and_near over great areas or distances; everywhere; "he traveled far and wide"; "the news spread far and wide"; "people came from far and near"; "searched for the child far and near".
fictitiously in a fictional manner (created by the imagination).
fictitiously in a false manner intended to mislead.
finely fine exquisitely delicately in a delicate manner; "finely shaped features"; "her fine drawn body".
finely in an elegant manner; "finely costumed actors".
leisurely at_leisure in an unhurried way or at one's convenience; "read the manual at your leisure"; "he traveled leisurely".
readily pronto promptly in a punctual manner; "he did his homework promptly".
on_the_sly furtively in a furtive manner; "the soldiers were furtively crawling through the night".
unanimously nemine_contradicente nem_con of one mind; without dissent; "the Senate unanimously approved the bill"; "we voted unanimously".
responsibly in a responsible manner; "we must act responsibly".
irresponsibly in an irresponsible manner; "he acted irresponsibly".
fairly fair evenhandedly without favoring one party, in a fair evenhanded manner; "deal fairly with one another".
as_usual in the usual manner; "as usual, she arrived late".
unpredictably erratically in an erratic unpredictable manner; "economic changes are proceeding erratically".
grimly in a grim implacable manner; "he was grimly satisfied".
historically with respect to history; "this is historically interesting".
peacefully in a peaceful manner; "the hen settled herself on the nest most peacefully".
meekly humbly in a humble manner; "he humbly lowered his head".
meekly in a submissive or spiritless manner; "meekly bowed to his wishes".
of_necessity needs necessarily inevitably in such a manner as could not be otherwise; "it is necessarily so"; "we must needs by objective".
otherwise other_than differently in another and different manner; "very soon you will know differently"; "she thought otherwise"; "there is no way out other than the fire escape";.
organically in an organic manner; "this food is grown organically".
phylogenetically with regard to phylogeny; "a phylogenetically primitive part of the brain".
sooner rather preferably more readily or willingly; "clean it well, preferably with warm water"; "I'd rather be in Philadelphia"; "I'd sooner die than give up".
pornographically in a pornographic manner.
self-indulgently in a self-indulgent manner.
symbiotically in a symbiotic manner.
symbolically in a symbolic manner; "symbolically accepted goals".
in_on participating in or knowledgeable out; "was in on the scheme".
volumetrically with respect to volume; "analyzed volumetrically".
successfully with success; in a successful manner; "she performed the surgery successfully".
systematically consistently in a systematic or consistent manner; "they systematically excluded women".
unsystematically in an unsystematic manner; "his books were lined up unsystematically on the shelf".
academically in regard to academic matters; "academically, this is a good school".
in_apposition appositively in an appositive manner; "this adjective is used appositively".
unconstitutionally in an unconstitutional manner; "the president acted unconstitutionally".
undemocratically in an undemocratic manner; "undemocratically, he made all the important decisions without his colleagues".
aloof in an aloof manner; "the local gentry and professional classes had held aloof for the school had accepted their sons readily enough".
ethnically with respect to ethnicity; "the neighborhood is ethnically diverse".
ideographically in an idiographic manner; "it's written ideographically".
idyllically in an idyllic manner.
medicinally in a medicinal manner.
professorially in a professorial manner; "she behaved very professorially".
realistically in a realistic manner; "the figure was realistically painted".
red-handed doing something reprehensible or showing clear evidence of having done something reprehensible; "he was caught red-handed".
reversibly in a reversible manner; "reversibly convertible".
rewardingly in a rewarding manner.
royally like_royalty like_kings in a royal manner; "they were royally treated".
sacrilegiously in a sacrilegious manner.
serially in a serial manner; "serially composed music".
technically with regard to technical skill and the technology available; "a technically brilliant solution".
territorially with respect to territory; "territorially important".
thematically with regard to thematic content; "thematically related".
typically in a typical manner; "Tom was typically hostile".
untypically atypically in a manner that is not typical; "she was atypically quiet".
vocally in a vocal manner; "she defended herself vocally".
chemically with respect to chemistry; "chemically different substances"; "chemically related".
chemically with chemicals;"chemically fertilized".
bilingually in a bilingual manner; "she grew up bilingually".
linearly in a linear manner; "linearly polarized radiation"; "it grew linearly".
longitudinally with respect to longitude; "longitudinally measured".
magically as_if_by_magic in a magical manner; "it disappeared magically".
professionally in a professional manner; "professionally trained staff".
limitedly in a limited manner.
sociolinguistically with respect to sociolinguistics; "sociolinguistically fascinating".
algebraically in an algebraic manner; "algebraically determined".
polyphonically in a polyphonic manner; "polyphonically composed".
poetically in a poetic manner; "poetically expressed".
philosophically in a philosophic manner; "she took it philosophically".
pathologically with respect to pathology; "pathologically interesting results".
graphically with respect to graphic aspects; "graphically interesting designs".
optically in an optical manner; "optically distorted".
visually with respect to vision; "visually distorted".
cerebrally in an intellectual manner; "cerebrally active".
mystically in a mystical manner; "chant mystically".
biologically with respect to biology; "biologically related".
sociobiologically with respect to sociobiology; "explain the behavior sociobiologically".
neurobiological with respect to neurobiology; "explain the phenomenon neurobiologically".
biochemically with respect to biochemistry; "biochemically interesting phenomenon".
musicologically with respect to musicology.
morally with respect to moral principles; "morally unjustified".
meteorologically with respect to the weather; "meteorologically bad conditions".
metaphysically in a metaphysical manner; "he thinks metaphysically".
metonymically in a metonymic manner.
melodically with respect to melody; "melodically interesting themes".
acoustically with respect to acoustics; "acoustically ill-equipped studios".
adulterously in an adulterous manner; "he behaved adulterously".
metaphorically in a metaphorical manner; "she expressed herself metaphorically".
allegorically in an allegorical manner; "the play ended allegorically".
regionally in a regional manner; "regionally governed".
syntactically with respect to syntax; "syntactically ill-formed".
sexually with respect to sexuality; "sexually ambiguous".
transversely transversally in a transverse manner; "they were cut transversely".
dramatically in a dramatic manner; "he confessed dramatically".
undramatically in an undramatic manner.
intensively in an intensive manner; "he studied the snake intensively".
suitably fittingly fitly befittingly appropriately in an appropriate manner; "he was appropriately dressed".
inalienably in an inalienable manner; "this property is held inalienably".
electrostatically in an electrostatic manner; "the dust adhered electrostatically to the surface".
episodically in an episodic manner.
feverishly in a feverish manner; "she worked feverishly".
feudally in a feudal manner; "a feudally organized society".
geometrically with respect to geometry; "this shape is geometrically interesting".
glaringly in a glaring manner; "it was glaringly obvious".
gravitationally with respect to gravitation; "gravitationally strong forces".
gutturally in a guttural manner; "gutturally articulated".
homeostatically in a homeostatic manner; "blood pressure is homeostatically regulated".
imperially in an imperial manner; "imperially decreed".
insistently in an insistent manner.
judicially in a judicial manner; "judicially controlled process".
nasally in a nasal manner; "inhaled nasally".
rurally in a rural manner.
spherically in a spherical manner; "spherically shaped".
superficially in a superficial manner; "he was superficially interested".
monosyllabically in a monosyllabic manner.
polysyllabically in a polysyllabic manner.
surely sure_enough sure_as_shooting sure for_sure for_certain certainly definitely or positively (`sure' is sometimes used informally for `surely'); "the results are surely encouraging"; "she certainly is a hard worker"; "it's going to be a good day for sure"; "they are coming, for certain"; "they thought he had been killed sure enough"; "he'll win sure as shooting"; "they sure smell good"; "sure he'll come".
surprisingly in a surprising manner; "he was surprisingly friendly".
plenty enough as much as necessary; "Have I eaten enough?"; (`plenty' is nonstandard) "I've had plenty, thanks".
hesitatingly hesitantly with hesitation; in a hesitant manner; "he finally accepted hesitantly".
easy easily with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily'); "she was easily excited"; "was easily confused"; "he won easily"; "this china breaks very easily"; "success came too easy".
soft easy in a relaxed manner; or without hardship; "just wanted to take it easy" (`soft' is nonstandard).
factually as a fact or based on fact; "they learn much, factually, about the problems of retirement and provision for old age, and, psychologically, in the sharing of their thoughts on retirement".
in_point_of_fact in_fact as_a_matter_of_fact in reality or actuality; "in fact, it was a wonder anyone survived"; "painters who are in fact anything but unsophisticated"; "as a matter of fact, he is several inches taller than his father".
in_reality actually used to imply that one would expect the fact to be the opposite of that stated; surprisingly; "you may actually be doing the right thing by walking out"; "she actually spoke Latin"; "they thought they made the rules but in reality they were only puppets"; "people who seem stand-offish are in reality often simply nervous".
really actually in actual fact; "to be nominally but not actually independent"; "no one actually saw the shark"; "large meteorites actually come from the asteroid belt".
in_toto in entirety; "they bought the business in toto"; "in recommendations were adopted in toto".
so_to_speak as_we_say in a manner of speaking; "the feeling is, as we say, quite dead".
loosely knitted in a loose manner; "loosely knit".
mindfully heedfully advertently in a careful deliberate manner.
unmindfully in a careless and thoughtless manner.
excitedly with excitement; in an excited manner; "she shook his hand excitedly".
vociferously in a vociferous manner; "he complained vociferously".
safely with safety; in a safe manner; "we are safely out of there".
lawlessly illicitly illegally in an illegal manner; "they dumped the waste illegally".
originally in an original manner.
unoriginally in an unoriginal manner.
completely so as to be complete; with everything necessary; "he had filled out the form completely"; "the apartment was completely furnished".
precisely just exactly indicating exactness or preciseness; "he was doing precisely (or exactly) what she had told him to do"; "it was just as he said--the jewel was gone"; "it has just enough salt".
nearly intimately closely in a close manner; "the two phenomena are intimately connected"; "the person most nearly concerned".
markedly in a clearly noticeable manner; "sales of luxury cars dropped markedly".
crudely in a crude or unrefined manner; "he was crudely bold".
reprovingly reproachfully in a reproving or reproachful manner; "she spoke to him reprovingly".
gaily in a gay manner; "the scandals were gaily diverting".
hand_in_glove hand_and_glove cooperatively in close cooperation; "they work hand in glove".
cheek_by_jowl in close proximity; "the houses were jumbled together cheek by jowl".
fecklessly in a feckless manner; irresponsibly and incompetently.
pell-mell harum-scarum in a wild or reckless manner; "dashing harum-scarum all over the place"; "running pell-mell up the stairs".
heart_and_soul body_and_soul with complete faith; "she was with him heart and soul".
hook_line_and_sinker in every detail; "he believed her story hook, line, and sinker".
seriously in_earnest earnestly in a serious manner; "talking earnestly with his son"; "she started studying snakes in earnest"; "a play dealing seriously with the question of divorce".
in_full_swing in_full_action proceeding with full vigor; "the party was in full swing".
in_kind in_a_similar_way with something of the same kind; "she pays him back in kind".
in_the_air in_everyone's_thoughts on everybody's mind; "Christmas was in the air".
in_the_long_run in_the_end after a very lengthy period of time; "she will succeed in the long run".
just_so in a careful manner; "you must treat this plant just so".
like_clockwork with regularity and precision; "the rocket launch went off like clockwork".
like_hell used ironically to indicate the opposite of what is stated; "says he'll help me? Like hell he will!".
confidentially in a confidential manner; "spoke to him intimately and confidentially".
on_faith with trust and confidence; "we accepted him on faith".
theoretically in a theoretical manner; "he worked the problem out theoretically".
to_the_letter to_perfection to_a_t just_right in every detail; "the new house suited them to a T".
courageously bravely in a courageous manner; "bravely he went into the burning house".
impatiently with impatience; in an impatient manner; "he answered her impatiently".
patiently with patience; in a patient manner; "he patiently played with the child".
tensely in a tense manner; "he sat down tensely".
methodically in a methodical manner; "she worked methodically".
apologetically in an apologetic manner; "he spoke apologetically about his past".
steady steadily in a steady manner; "he could still walk steadily".
haughtily in a haughty manner; "he peered haughtily down his nose".
wild in a wild or undomesticated manner; "growing wild"; "roaming wild".
wildly in an uncontrolled or unrestrained manner; "He gesticulated wildly".
stupidly doltishly in a stupid manner; "he had stupidly bought a one way ticket".
symmetrically in a symmetrical manner; "they were symmetrically arranged".
unsymmetrically asymmetrically in an asymmetrical manner; "they were asymmetrically arranged".
creatively in a creative manner; "she solved the problem creatively".
heavily in a labored manner; "he breathed heavily".
strongly with strength or in a strong manner; "argues very strongly for his proposal"; "he was strongly opposed to the government".
radically in a radical manner; "she took a radically different approach".
fully amply sufficiently; more than adequately; "the evidence amply (or fully) confirms our suspicions"; "they were fully (or amply) fed".
tentatively in a tentative manner; "we agreed tentatively on a dinner date".
slackly loosely in a relaxed manner; not rigid; "his hands lay loosely".
fussily in a fussy manner; "he spoke to her fussily".
gracefully in a graceful manner; "she swooped gracefully".
gracelessly in a graceless manner; "she moves rather gracelessly".
gently in a gradual manner; "a gently sloping terrain".
vigorously smartly with vigor; in a vigorous manner; "he defended his ideas vigorously".
splendidly magnificently famously excellently extremely well; "he did splendidly in the exam"; "we got along famously".
healthily in a levelheaded manner; "the answers were healthily individual".
uproariously hilariously in a hilarious manner; "hilariously funny".
considerately in a considerate manner; "they considerately withdrew".
inconsiderately without consideration; in an inconsiderate manner; "inconsiderately, he asked to be invited for dinner".
wondrously wondrous wonderfully toppingly terrifically superbly marvelously marvellously (used as an intensifier) extremely well; "her voice is superbly disciplined"; "the colors changed wondrously slowly".
satisfyingly gratifyingly in a gratifying manner; "the performance was at a gratifyingly high level".
blandly in a bland manner; "his blandly incompetent attempts".
staidly soberly gravely in a grave and sober manner; "he walked soberly toward the altar".
helpfully in a helpful manner; "the subtitles are helpfully conveyed".
unhelpfully in an unhelpful manner; "he stood by unhelpfully while the house burned down".
preferentially in a preferential manner; "he was treated preferentially".
rationally in a rational manner; "we must act rationally".
irrationally in an irrational manner; "they acted irrationally".
critically in a critical manner; "this must be examined critically".
uncritically in an uncritical manner; "he accepted her decisions uncritically".
boldly with boldness, in a bold manner; "we must tackle these tasks boldly".
competently capably aptly ably with competence; in a competent capable manner; "they worked competently".
incompetently displaying_incompetence in an incompetent manner; "he did the job rather incompetently".
emotionally in an emotional manner; "at the funeral he spoke emotionally".
unemotionally in an unemotional manner; "the defendant stared unemotionally at the victim's family".
stiffly stiff in a stiff manner; "his hands lay stiffly".
nicely in a nice way; "a nicely painted house".
cozily cosily in a cozy manner; "nestled cozily by the fire".
correspondingly in a corresponding manner; "the temperature decreases correspondingly".
studiously in a studious manner; "she examined the data studiously".
smartly cleverly in a clever manner; "they were cleverly arranged"; "a smartly managed business".
richly lavishly extravagantly in a rich and lavish manner; "lavishly decorated".
best_of_all especially fortunate; "best of all, we don't have any homework!".
best in a most excellent way or manner; "he played best after a couple of martinis".
theatrically in a theatrical manner; "theatrically dressed".
dramatically with respect to dramatic value; "the play was dramatically interesting, but the direction was bad".
enthusiastically with enthusiasm; in an enthusiastic manner; "they discussed the question enthusiastically".
unenthusiastically without enthusiasm; showing no enthusiasm; "the children opened the presents unenthusiastically".
intellectually in an intellectual manner; "intellectually gifted children"; "intellectually influenced".
hyperbolically exaggeratedly in an exaggerated manner.
nimbly agilely in a nimble or agile manner; with quickness and lightness and ease; "nimbly scaling an iron gate"- Charles Dickens; "leaped agilely from roof to roof".
proudly with pride; in a proud manner; "he walked proudly into town".
solemnly in a grave and sedate manner; "the judge sat there solemnly".
clumsily in a clumsy manner; "he snatched the bills clumsily".
diffusely in a diffuse manner; "the arteries were diffusely narrowed".
reflexly in a reflex manner; "such effects can be induced reflexly".
spontaneously in a spontaneous manner; "this shift occurs spontaneously".
sympathetically empathetically in a sympathetic manner; "she listened to him sympathetically".
unsympathetically without sympathy; in an unsympathetic manner; "the judge listened to the accused unsympathetically".
convincingly in a convincing manner; "he argued convincingly".
unconvincingly in an unconvincing manner; "he argued unconvincingly".
weirdly in a weird manner; "she was dressed weirdly".
mercifully in a compassionate manner; "he dealt with the thief mercifully".
stealthily in a stealthy manner; "stealthily they advanced upstream".
strikingly in a striking manner; "this was strikingly demonstrated"; "the evidence was strikingly absent".
meticulously in a meticulous manner; "the set was meticulously authentic".
graciously gracefully in a gracious or graceful manner; "he did not have a chance to grow up graciously".
stiffly rigidly bolt in a rigid manner; "the body was rigidly erect"; "he sat bolt upright".
awkwardly in an awkward manner; "he bent awkwardly".
bewilderedly in a bewildered manner.
triumphantly in a triumphant manner; "she shouted triumphantly".
regularly on_a_regular_basis in a regular manner; "letters arrived regularly from his children".
ideally in an ideal manner; "ideally, this will remove all problems".
mistakenly erroneously in a mistaken manner; "he mistakenly believed it".
tantalizingly invitingly in a tantalizing manner; "she smiled at him tantalizingly".
the_right_way right properly in_good_order decently decent in the right manner; "please do your job properly!"; "can't you carry me decent?".
attentively with attention; in an attentive manner; "he listened attentively".
munificently liberally generously in a generous manner; "he gave liberally to several charities".
liberally freely in a nonliteral manner; "he embellished his stories liberally".
handily conveniently in a convenient manner; "the switch was conveniently located".
inconveniently in an inconvenient manner; "he arrived at an inconveniently late hour".
convulsively with convulsions, in a convulsive way; "her leg twitched convulsively".
rebelliously defiantly contumaciously in a rebellious manner; "he rejected her words rebelliously".
wrongheadedly in a wrongheaded manner.
drunkenly showing effects of much strong drink; "He sang drunkenly".
victoriously in a victorious manner; "Virginia had defended her land victoriously".
hopefully with hope; in a hopeful manner; "we searched hopefully for a good position".
hopelessly in a hopeless manner; "the papers were hopelessly jumbled"; "he is hopelessly romantic".
thirstily eagerly with eagerness; in an eager manner; "the news was eagerly awaited".
viciously savagely brutally in a vicious manner; "he was viciously attacked".
spitefully with spite; in a spiteful manner; "he answered his accusers spitefully".
wisely sagely in a wise manner; "she acted wisely when she invited her parents".
intelligently in an intelligent manner; "she acted intelligently in this difficult situation".
unintelligently in an unintelligent manner; "he acted rather unintelligently in this crisis".
understandably intelligibly clearly in an intelligible manner; "the foreigner spoke to us quite intelligibly".
ununderstandably unintelligibly in an unintelligible manner; "the foreigners spoke unintelligibly".
aristocratically in an aristocratic manner; "they behaved aristocratically".
autocratically in an autocratic manner; "the Czars ruled Russia autocratically".
diplomatically with diplomacy; in a diplomatic manner; "he answered very diplomatically".
undiplomatically without diplomacy; in an undiplomatic manner; "she declined the invitation undiplomatically".
socioeconomically with respect to socioeconomic factors; "they are far apart socioeconomically".
stoutly in a resolute manner; "he was stoutly replying to his critics".
right0 correctly aright in an accurate manner; "the flower had been correctly depicted by his son"; "he guessed right".
wrongly wrong incorrectly in an inaccurate manner; "he decided to reveal the details only after other sources had reported them incorrectly"; "she guessed wrong".
inaccessibly in an inaccessible manner; "located inaccessibly on the top of a mountain".
inaccurately in an inaccurate manner; "this student works rather inaccurately and sloppily".
accurately strictly correctly; "repeated the order accurately".
right precisely, exactly; "stand right here!".
right justly in accordance with moral or social standards; "that serves him right"; "do right by him".
rightly justly justifiedly with honesty; "he was rightly considered the greatest singer of his time".
unjustly in an unjust manner; "he was unjustly singled out for punishment".
charitably in a charitable manner; "she treated him charitably".
aimlessly without aim; in an aimless manner; "he wandered around aimlessly".
sluggishly in a sluggish manner; "the smoke rose sluggishly".
trustfully in a trustful manner; "his mouth grinned trustfully".
darkly in a dark glowering menacing manner; "he stared darkly at her".
in_haste hurriedly hastily in a hurried or hasty manner; "the way they buried him so hurriedly was disgraceful"; "hastily, he scanned the headlines"; "sold in haste and at a sacrifice".
ornamentally in an ornamental, nonfunctional manner.
ornately in an ornate manner; "the cradle was ornately carved".
to_both_ears in_both_ears binaurally in a binaural manner; "the stimulus was presented binaurally".
to_one_ear monaurally in_one_ear in a monaural manner; "the stimuli were presented monaurally".
busily in a busy manner; "they were busily engaged in buying souvenirs".
unable_to_help impotently helplessly in a helpless manner; "the crowd watched him helplessly".
confusingly bewilderingly in a bewildering and confusing manner; "her situation was bewilderingly unclear".
heartily with gusto and without reservation; "the boy threw himself heartily into his work".
monolingually in a monolingual manner; "she had been reared monolingually".
stunningly spectacularly in a spectacular manner; "the area was spectacularly scenic".
soulfully in a soulful manner; "he looked at her soulfully".
satirically in a satirical manner; "she spoke satirically".
swimmingly smoothly with no problems or difficulties; "put the plans into effect quickly and smoothly"; "despite of some mishaps, everything went swimmingly".
freely in a free manner; "the painting featured freely brushed strokes".
humiliatingly demeaningly in a humiliating manner; "the painting was reproduced humiliatingly small".
protectively in a protective manner; "he bent protectively over the woman".
spiritually in a spiritual manner; "the ninth century was the spiritually freest period".
sharply crisply in a well delineated manner; "the new style of Minoan pottery was sharply defined".
murkily dimly with a dim light; "a dimly lit room".
unshakably unfalteringly determinedly with determination; in a determined manner; "he clung to the past determinedly".
incidentally accidentally of a minor or subordinate nature; "these magnificent achievements were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models".
confidently with confidence; in a confident manner; "we have to do what is right confidently".
retroactively after the fact; "he will get paid retroactively".
sporadically periodically in a sporadic manner; "he only works sporadically".
haltingly in a halting manner; "he spoke haltingly".
surprisingly astonishingly amazingly in an amazing manner; to everyone's surprise; "amazingly, he finished medical school in three years".
impressively imposingly in an impressive manner; "the students progressed impressively fast".
unimpressively in an unimpressive manner; "she scored unimpressively low in the first round of the competition".
profitably productively fruitfully in a productive way; "they worked together productively for two years".
unprofitably unproductively fruitlessly in an unproductive manner.
like_an_expert expertly in an expert manner; "he repaired the TV set expertly".
amateurishly in an amateurish manner; "he performed the piece amateurishly".
uninterestingly in an uninteresting manner.
tiresomely tediously boringly in a tedious manner; "boringly slow work"; "he plodded tediously forward".
moderately with moderation; in a moderate manner; "he drinks moderately".
immoderately without moderation; in an immoderate manner; "he eats immoderately".
realistically in a realistic manner; "let's look at the situation realistically".
unrealistically in an unrealistic manner; "his expectations were unrealistically high".
sensibly sanely reasonably with good sense or in a reasonable or intelligent manner; "he acted sensibly in the crisis"; "speak more sanely about these affairs"; "acted quite reasonably".
stolidly in a stolid manner; "he said `no' stolidly".
testily petulantly pettishly irritably in a petulant manner; "he said testily; `Go away!'".
thoughtfully showing consideration and thoughtfulness; "he had thoughtfully brought with him some food to share".
thoughtlessly showing thoughtlessness; "he treated his parents thoughtlessly".
thoughtfully in a thoughtful manner; "he stared thoughtfully out the window".
unthinkingly unthinking thoughtlessly in a thoughtless manner; "he stared thoughtlessly at the picture".
unpropitiously inauspiciously in an inauspicious manner; "he started his new job inauspiciously on Friday the 13th".
unrelentingly relentlessly in a relentless manner; "he worked relentlessly".
ruefully remorsefully contritely in a rueful manner; "`I made a big mistake,' he said ruefully".
inexorably in an inexorable manner; "time marches on inexorably".
politely courteously in a polite manner; "the policeman answered politely, `Now look here, lady...'".
rudely impolitely discourteously in an impolite manner; "he treated her impolitely".
praiseworthily laudably commendable admirably in an admirable manner; "the children's responses were admirably normal".
pleasantly enjoyably agreeably in an enjoyable manner; "we spent a pleasantly lazy afternoon".
sunnily pleasantly cheerily in a cheerful manner; "`I'll do the dishes,' he said pleasantly".
upside_down in an inverted manner; "the box was lying on the floor upside down".
breathlessly in a breathless manner; "she spoke breathlessly".
warmly heartily cordially in a hearty manner; "`Yes,' the children chorused heartily"; "We welcomed her warmly".
genially amiably affably in an affable manner; "`Come and visit me,' he said amiably".
equivocally ambiguously in an ambiguous manner; "this letter is worded ambiguously".
unequivocally unambiguously in an unambiguous manner; "she stated her intentions unequivocally".
ritually ceremonially in a ceremonial manner; "he was ceremonially sworn in as President".
unceremoniously in an unceremonious manner; "he was dismissed unceremoniously".
ceremoniously ceremonially in a ceremonious manner; "my mother advised her children ceremoniously".
rakishly raffishly carelessly in a rakish manner; "she wore her hat rakishly at an angle".
rollickingly boisterously in a carefree manner; "she was rollickingly happy".
narrowly in a narrow manner; not allowing for exceptions; "he interprets the law narrowly".
reliably faithfully dependably in a faithful manner; "it always came on, faithfully, like the radio".
unreliably unfaithfully undependably in an unfaithful undependable unreliable manner.
violently in a violent manner; "they attacked violently".
furiously in an impassioned or very angry manner; "she screamed furiously at her tormentors".
furiously in a manner marked by extreme or violent energy; "the boys fought furiously"; "she went peddling furiously up the narrow street".
securely firmly in a secure manner; in a manner free from danger; "she held the child securely".
wryly in a wry manner; "`I see,' he commented wryly".
infinitely immeasurably boundlessly without bounds; "he is infinitely wealthy".
strictly rigorously in a rigorous manner; "he had been trained rigorously by the monks".
big on a grand scale; "think big".
big extremely well; "his performance went over big".
warily in a wary manner; "the sailor watched the sky warily".
to_be_precise strictly_speaking properly_speaking in actual fact; "properly speaking, they are not husband and wife".
abnormally in an abnormal manner; "they were behaving abnormally"; "his blood pressure was abnormally low".
exultingly exultantly in an exultant manner; "it was exultingly easy".
sedulously in a sedulous manner; "this illusion has been sedulously fostered".
tenuously in a tenuous manner; "his works tenuously survive in the minds of a few scholars".
anachronistically in an anachronistic manner; "let's look at this phenomenon anachronistically".
ineptly fecklessly with ineptitude; in an incompetent manner; "he performed his functions ineptly".
ineptly in an infelicitous manner; "this function is ineptly left to a small voice".
pleasurably deliciously in a very pleasurable manner; "they were walking along the beach slowly and deliciously".
mentally in your mind; "he suffered mentally".
timidly shyly bashfully in a shy or timid or bashful manner; "he smiled shyly".
lovingly fondly with fondness; with love; "she spoke to her children fondly".
outwardly externally with respect to the outside; "outwardly, the figure is smooth".
favourably favorably showing approval; "he reviewed the play favorably".
cheerfully in a cheerful manner; "he cheerfully agreed to do it".
flawlessly cleanly in an adroit manner; "he bounced it cleanly off the wall".
solidly with strength and soundness; "a solidly built house".
voluntarily out of your own free will; "he voluntarily submitted to the fingerprinting".
geographically with respect to geography; "they are geographically closer to the center of town".
cruelly with cruelty; "he treated his students cruelly".
pompously in a pompous manner; "he pompously described his achievements".
expeditiously efficiently with efficiency; in an efficient manner; "he functions efficiently".
inefficiently in an inefficient manner; "he dealt inefficiently with the crisis".
unharmoniously discordantly in a discordant manner; "the piece ended discordantly".
charmingly in a charming manner.
winsomely engagingly in an engaging manner; "she played the role engagingly".
fascinatingly in a fascinating manner; "her face became fascinatingly distorted".
ominously in an ominous manner; "the sun darkened ominously".
restively in a restive manner; "he sat down again, restively".
wittingly knowingly with full knowledge and deliberation; "he wittingly deleted the references".
justifiably with good reason; "he is justifiably bitter".
modestly with modesty; in a modest manner; "the dissertation was entitled, modestly, `Remarks about a play by Shakespeare'".
immodestly without modesty; in an immodest manner; "the book was entitled, immodestly, `All about Wisdom'".
anarchically in a lawless rebellious manner.
lopsidedly crookedly in a crooked lopsided manner; "he smiled lopsidedly".
magisterially authoritatively in an authoritative and magisterial manner; "she spoke authoritatively".
resolutely showing firm determination or purpose; "she resolutely refused to look at him or speak to him"; "he entered the building resolutely".
speculatively with speculation; in a speculative manner; "he looked at her speculatively".
beautifully attractively in a beautiful manner; "her face was beautifully made up".
unattractively in an unattractive manner; "she was unattractively dressed last night".
sullenly glumly dourly in a sullen manner; "he sat in his chair dourly".
hostilely belligerently with hostility; in a belligerent hostile manner; "he pushed her against the wall belligerently".
nonchalantly casually in an unconcerned manner; "glanced casually at the headlines".
commensally in a commensal manner.
noncompetitively in a noncompetitive manner; "the scholarships will be awarded noncompetitively".
obsessively obsessionally compulsively in a compulsive manner; "he cleaned his shoes compulsively after every walk".
believably in a believable manner; "he acted believably sincere".
unbelievably in an unbelievable manner; "he was unbelievably angry".
fiercely in an emotionally fierce manner; "she was fiercely proud of her children".
subconsciously from the subconscious mind; "the image came to him subconsciously".
vividly in a vivid manner; "he described his adventures vividly".
artfully in an artful manner; "her foot pointed artfully toward tapering toes".
expectantly in an expectant manner; "she looked at him expectantly".
lustily in a healthy manner; "the young plants grew lustily".
simply just absolutely; "I just can't take it anymore"; "he was just grand as Romeo"; "it's simply beautiful!".
quantitatively in a quantitative manner; "this can be expressed quantitatively".
dramatically in a very impressive manner; "your performance will improve dramatically".
obscurely in an obscure manner; "this work is obscurely written".
decently in a decent manner; "they don't know how to dress decently".
horrifyingly in a horrifying manner; "he laughed horrifyingly".
uncharacteristically in uncharacteristic manner; "he was uncharacteristically cool".
dialectically in a dialectic manner; "his religiousness is dialectically related to his sinfulness".
prophetically in a prophetic manner; "he prophetically anticipated the disaster".
artistically in an artistic manner; "it was artistically decorated".
peculiarly particularly uniquely or characteristically; "these peculiarly cinematic elements"; "a peculiarly French phenomenon"; "everyone has a moment in history which belongs particularly to him"- John Knowles.
uniformly in a uniform manner; "a uniformly bright surface".
enduringly in an enduring manner; "Roman culture was enduringly fertilized".
unlawfully not conforming to the law; "they were unlawfully married".
bilaterally so as to involve two sides or parts.
bilaterally with the involvement of two parties or governments; "they worked out an agreement bilaterally".
unilaterally one-sidedly in a unilateral manner; by means of one part or party; "they worked out an agreement unilaterally".
multilaterally in a multilateral manner;so as to affect many parties or governments; "they worked out an agreement unilaterally".
blatantly in a blatant manner; "they blatantly violated the laws".
cloyingly in an overly sweet manner.
counterintuitively in a counterintuitive manner.
hierarchically in a hierarchical manner; "hierarchically organized".
topsy-turvy higgledy-piggledy in a disordered manner; "they were piled up higgledy-piggledy".
ipso_facto by the fact itself; "ipso facto, her innocence was established".
par_excellence to a degree of excellence; "he is the honest politician par excellence".
thrice three times; "I called you thrice last night".
scot_free free from harm or penalty; "he went scot-free".
adversely in an adverse manner; "she was adversely affected by the new regulations".
appealingly in an appealing manner; "the table was set appealingly".
unappealingly in an unappealing manner; "the kitchen was unappealingly dirty".
approvingly in an approving manner; "she nodded approvingly".
determinedly ambitiously with ambition; in an ambitious and energetic manner; "she pursued her goals ambitiously".
unambitiously in an unambitious manner; "he does his job, but he works unambitiously".
amicably in an amicable manner; "they separated amicably".
animatedly in an animated manner; "they talked animatedly".
offhandedly offhanded offhand in a casually inconsiderate manner; "replied offhand, his mind a million miles away"; "she threw him over offhandedly without even a Dear-John letter".
resignedly abjectly in a hopeless resigned manner; "she shrugged her shoulders abjectly".
abortively in an unfruitful manner.
temperately abstemiously in a sparing manner; without overindulgence; "he ate and drank abstemiously"; "indulged temperately in cocktails".
endearingly adorably in an adorable manner; "the toddler behaved adorably".
antagonistically in an antagonistic manner; "he behaves antagonistically toward his colleagues".
apathetically in an apathetic manner; "she behaves apathetically these days".
ardently in an ardent manner; "the spirit of God knew very well that there was a deeper question to be settled before there could be the intervention in power that was so ardently desired".
arrogantly in an arrogant manner; "in the old days she had been harsh and stiff ; afraid of her husband and yet arrogantly proud that she had a husband strong and fierce enough to make her afraid".
ascetically in an ascetic manner; "she lived ascetically in a small house all by herself".
assertively in an assertive manner; "`I will take care of my own life,' she said assertively".
unassertively in an unassertive manner; "unassertively, she always follows her husband's suggestions".
audaciously in an audacious manner; "an idea so daring and yet so audaciously tempting that a shiver of excitement quivered through him".
avidly in an avid manner; "whatever the flavor or color of your local paper, do remember that these are read avidly for local information".
andante at a moderately slow tempo; "this passage must be played andante".
amorously in an amorous manner; "he looked at her amorously".
angelically like an angel; "the child was sleeping angelically".
eloquently articulately in an articulate manner; "he argued articulately for his plan".
inarticulately in an inarticulate manner; "he talked inarticulately about the accident that had just taken his wife's life".
attributively in an attributive manner; "the genitive noun is used attributively".
audibly in an audible manner; "he spoke audibly".
inaudibly in an inaudible manner; "she spoke inaudibly low".
beastly in a beastly manner; "she behaved beastly toward her mother-in-law".
bloodlessly without bloodshed; in a bloodless manner; without shedding blood; "the coup disposed of the dictator bloodlessly".
grandiosely bombastically in a grandiose manner; "the building was bombastically spacious".
turgidly bombastically in a turgid manner; "he lectured bombastically about his theories".
alertly in mentally perceptive and responsive way; "she got through the day alertly, despite being on drugs".
allegretto in a moderately quick tempo; "play this more allegretto".
alliteratively in an alliterative manner; "the early Norse poets wrote alliteratively".
selflessly altruistically in an altruistic manner; "he acted selflessly when he helped the old lady in distress".
anomalously in an anomalous manner; "this man behaves anomalously".
gratefully appreciatively with appreciation; in a grateful manner; "he accepted my offer appreciatively".
ungratefully unappreciatively in an ungrateful manner.
arithmetically with respect to arithmetic; "this problem is arithmetically easy".
awry amiss away from the correct or expected course; "something has gone awry in our plans"; "something went badly amiss in the preparations".
shrewdly sapiently sagaciously astutely acutely in a shrewd manner; "he invested his fortune astutely"; "he was acutely insightful".
amuck amok wildly; without self-control; "when the restaurant caught fire the patrons ran amuck, blocking the exit".
antithetically with antithesis; in an antithetical manner.
arduously in an arduous manner; "they worked arduously".
ingenuously artlessly in an ingenuous manner; "she answered the judge's questions artlessly".
inexpertly crudely artlessly in a crude and unskilled manner; "an inexpertly constructed lean-to".
blissfully in a blissful manner; "he was blissfully unaware of the danger".
greedily covetously avariciously in a greedy manner.
baldly in a bald manner; "this book is, to put it baldly, an uneven work.".
balefully in a baleful manner; "she looked at him balefully".
barbarously in a barbarous manner; "they were barbarously murdered".
bawdily in a bawdy manner.
becomingly in a becoming manner; "she was becomingly dressed".
beneficially in a beneficial manner; "this medicine will act beneficially on you".
benignly benignantly in a benign manner; "this drug is benignly soporific".
pleadingly importunately imploringly entreatingly beseechingly in a beseeching manner; "`You must help me,' she said imploringly".
enthrallingly enchantingly captivatingly bewitchingly in a bewitching manner; "she was bewitchingly beautiful".
blankly without expression; in a blank manner; "she stared at him blankly".
blasphemously in a blasphemous manner; "the sailors were cursing blasphemously".
roundly flat_out brusquely bluntly bluffly in a blunt direct manner; "he spoke bluntly"; "he stated his opinion flat-out"; "he was criticized roundly".
plentifully plenteously bountifully bounteously in a bountiful manner.
breezily in a breezy manner; "he swings breezily into the title song".
briskly in a brisk manner; "she walked briskly in the cold air"; "`after lunch,' she said briskly".
in_a_beastly_manner brutishly bestially in an inhumane manner; "she treated her husband bestially".
bumptiously in a bumptious manner; "he behaved rather bumptiously and offended the hostess".
chirpily buoyantly in a cheerfully buoyant manner; "we accepted the opportunity buoyantly".
bureaucratically with respect to bureaucracy; "it's bureaucratically complicated".
bureaucratically in a bureaucratic manner; "his bureaucratically petty behavior annoyed her".
circumspectly cagily in a cagey manner; "`I don't know yet,' he answered cagily".
capriciously in a capricious manner; "there were Turk's head lilies and patches of iris , islands of brilliant blue set capriciously in the green sea".
captiously in a captious, carping manner; "he was captiously pedantic".
vitriolically caustically in a caustic vitriolic manner; "he addressed her caustically".
charily with great caution; warily.
disdainfully cavalierly in a proud and domineering manner; "he treated his staff cavalierly".
chaotically in a manner suggestive of chaos; "the room was chaotically disorganized".
virtuously chastely in a chaste and virtuous manner; "she lived chastely".
volubly chattily in a chatty manner; "`when I was a girl,' she said chattily, `I used to ride a bicycle'".
nervily cheekily brashly in a brash cheeky manner; "brashly, she asked for a rebate".
gallantly chivalrously in a gallant manner; "he gallantly offered to take her home".
surlily churlishly in a churlish manner; "the store owner treated his customers churlishly".
cliquishly clannishly in a clannish manner; "these four friends always act clannishly, and don't let us participate in their activities".
unfairly below_the_belt in an unfair manner; "they dealt with him unfairly"; "their accusations hit below the belt".
clearly clear in an easily perceptible manner; "could be seen clearly under the microscope"; "She cried loud and clear".
climatically with respect to climate; "they were used to a climatically different environment".
coaxingly cajolingly in a cajoling manner; "`Come here,' she said coaxingly".
coherently in a coherent manner; "she could not talk coherently after the accident".
incoherently in an incoherent manner; "he talked incoherently when he drank too much".
colloidally in a colloidal manner; "particles were colloidally dispersed in the medium".
scrappily combatively in a bellicose contentious manner; "`Don't trespass onto my property,' the neighbor shouted combatively".
consolingly comfortingly in a comforting or consoling manner; "one part of a strange world should be given a comfortingly familiar form".
complacently in a self-satisfied manner; "he complacently lived out his life as a village school teacher".
comprehensively in an all-inclusive manner.
obligatorily mandatorily compulsorily in a manner that cannot be evaded; "the ministry considers that contributions to such a fund should be met from voluntary donations rather than from rates compulsorily levied.".
computationally with regard to computation; "computationally, this is a tricky problem".
brotherly (archaic as adverb) in a brotherly manner.
self-conceitedly conceitedly with conceit; in a conceited manner; "he always acts so conceitedly!".
conceptually in a conceptual manner; "he can no longer think conceptually"; "conceptually, the idea is quite simple".
concernedly in a manner showing concern; "`Are you all right,' he asked concernedly".
conically in a conical manner; "conically shaped".
cynically with cynicism; in a cynical manner; "Larsen's frost-blackened lips curved cynically".
cumulatively in a cumulative manner; "mind has become self-reproducing through man's capacity to transmit experience and its products cumulatively".
cum_laude with honor; "he graduated cum laude".
magna_cum_laude with high honor; "he graduated magna cum laude".
summa_cum_laude with highest honor; "he graduated summa cum laude".
reprehensively criminally in a shameful manner; "the garden was criminally neglected".
coyly in a coy manner; "she pouted and looked at him coyly".
patronizingly patronisingly condescendingly with condescension; in a patronizing manner; "he treats his secretary condescendingly".
sequentially consecutive in a consecutive manner; "we numbered the papers consecutively".
guardedly conservatively cautiously in a conservative manner; "we estimated the number of demonstrators conservatively at 200,000.".
counteractively in a counteractive manner.
trickily slyly knavishly foxily cunningly craftily artfully in an artful manner; "he craftily arranged to be there when the decision was announced"; "had ever circumstances conspired so cunningly?".
confusedly in a confused manner; "Queen Augusta wrote him an hysterical letter in which she confusedly sympathised with him".
constructively in a constructive manner; "it is my task to look critically and constructively at the flaws and the failures".
contrastingly in a contrasting manner; "contrastingly, both the rooms leading off it gave an immediate impression of being disgraced".
unbelievingly incredulously disbelievingly in an incredulous manner; "the woman looked up at her incredulously".
mysteriously enigmatically cryptically in a cryptic manner; "we will meet again," he said cryptically.
cryptographically in a cryptographic manner.
cutely cunningly in an attractive manner; "how cunningly the olive-green dress with its underskirt of rose-brocade fitted her perfect figure".
shortly short curtly in a curt, abrupt and discourteous manner; "he told me curtly to get on with it"; "he talked short with everyone"; "he said shortly that he didn't like it".
damned damnably cursedly in a damnable manner; "kindly Arthur--so damnably , politely , endlessly persistent!".
moistly damply in a damp manner; "a scarf was tied round her head but the rebellious curl had escaped and hung damply over her left eye".
torpidly dazedly in a daze; in a dazed manner; "he wondered dazedly whether the term after next at his new school wouldn't matter so much".
deftly in a deft manner; "Lois deftly removed her scarf".
in_low_spirits dejectedly in a dejected manner; "when she came back Sophie and Esther were sitting dejectedly in the kitchen".
delightfully in a delightful manner; "the farm house, though in itself a small one, is delightfully situated".
demurely in a demure manner; "the army girl, tall and demurely pretty, threw a quick side-glance at her".
thickly densely in a concentrated manner; "old houses are often so densely packed that perhaps three or four have to be demolished for every new one built"; "a thickly populated area".
scoffingly mockingly derisorily derisively in a disrespectful and mocking manner; "`Sorry,' she repeated derisively".
descriptively by giving a description; "these topics need to be treated not just descriptively".
undeservedly in an unmerited manner; "the team chalked up another victory, the last one quite undeservedly, in my opinion".
developmentally with respect to development; "developmentally retarded".
devilishly devilish in a playfully devilish manner; "the socialists are further handicapped if they believe that capitalists are not only wicked but also devilishly clever".
congenially in a congenial manner; "`Let's all have a drink together,' he said congenially".
infectiously contagiously in a contagious manner; "she was contagiously bubbly".
polemically controversially involving controversy; "criticism too polemically stated".
convivially in a convivial manner; "`Let's go and have a drink,' she said convivially".
flirtatiously coquettishly in a flirtatious manner; "she smiled coquettishly".
jealously enviously covetously with jealousy; in an envious manner; "he looked at his friend's new car jealously".
screakily creakingly creakily in a creaky manner; "the old boat was moving along creakily".
crushingly in a crushing manner; "the team was crushingly defeated".
ignobly currishly in a currish manner; meanspiritedly; "he behaved ignobly".
daintily in a refined manner; "she nibbled daintily at her cake".
daintily in a delicate manner; "the invitation cards were written up daintily in white and gold".
daringly in an adventurous manner; "daringly, he set out on a camping trip in East Africa".
daringly in an original manner; "daringly he took the first step".
dashingly in a highly fashionable manner; "he was dashingly handsome".
decorously in a proper and decorous manner; "he pretended to be pleased and applauded decorously".
willingly volitionally in a willing manner; "I willingly accept".
defensively in a defensive manner; "the general conviction that our side is in the right and acting defensively over what Russians call the German question and Americans the Berlin crisis".
defensively in an apologetic and defensive manner; "`I felt it better you should know,' said Sir Cedric defensively".
offensively in an aggressive manner; "`In this crisis, we must act offensively,' the President said"; "the admiral intends to act offensively in the Mediterranean".
offensively obnoxiously objectionably in an obnoxious manner; "he said so in one of his more offensively intellectually arrogant sentences".
distractedly in a distracted manner; "`Come in,' he said distractedly".
deferentially in a respectfully deferential manner; "he listened deferentially".
submissively deferentially in a servile manner; "he always acts so deferentially around his supervisor".
deliriously in a delirious manner; "her answer made him deliriously happy".
delusively in a deceptive and unrealistic manner; "the village looked delusively near".
provably incontrovertibly demonstrably in an obvious and provable manner; "his documentary sources are demonstrably wrong".
diffidently in a diffident manner; "`Oh, well,' he shrugged diffidently, `I like the work.'".
spitefully despitefully in a maliciously spiteful manner; "pray for them that despitefully use us".
harmlessly in a harmless manner; "this is a harmlessly childish game".
deviously in a devious manner; "he got the promotion by behaving deviously".
devotedly with devotion; "He served his master devotedly".
piously devoutly in a devout and pious manner; "she was devoutly Catholic".
dextrously dexterously deftly with dexterity; in a dexterous manner; "dextrously he untied the knots".
diagonally in a diagonal manner; "she lives diagonally across the street from us".
graphically diagrammatically in a diagrammatic manner; "the landscape unit drawn diagrammatically illustrates the gentle rolling relief, with a peat-filled basin".
magisterially dictatorially autocratically in an overbearingly domineering manner; as a dictator; "this manager acts dictatorially toward his colleagues".
pedagogically didactically in a didactic manner; "this is a didactically sound method".
differentially in a differential manner; "Hubel and Wiesel have found cells that respond differentially according to the direction in which a stimulus is moved across the retina".
diligently with diligence; in a diligent manner; "we may diligently observe the Lord's supper on the first day of the week, diligently preach the gospel, or minister to the saint".
direfully in a direful manner; "seeing himself trapped, he cried out direfully".
dirtily in a sordid manner; "as dirtily drunk as usual".
disappointedly in disappointment; in a disappointed manner; "she left the gambling table disappointedly".
disappointingly in a disappointing manner; "the discoverer of argon, Sir William Ramsay, looked disappointingly ordinary".
disastrously in a disastrous manner; "the real value of the trust capital may be disastrously less than when the trust began".
disconcertingly in a disturbing or embarrassing manner; "he drank some sherry, his eyes disconcertingly keen as he watched her".
honestly aboveboard in an honest manner; "in he can't get it honestly, he is willing to steal it"; "was known for dealing aboveboard in everything".
venally dishonestly deceitfully in a corrupt and deceitful manner; "he acted dishonestly when he gave the contract to his best friend".
honestly frankly candidly (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the case that; "honestly, I don't believe it"; "candidly, I think she doesn't have a conscience"; "frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn".
hypocritically in a hypocritical manner; "he behaved hypocritically by praying piously when people were watching".
honourably honorably with honor; "he was honorably discharged after many years of service".
disingenuously artfully in a disingenuous manner; "disingenuously, he asked leading questions abut his opponent's work".
disinterestedly without bias; without selfish motives; "he decided the case disinterestedly".
disjointedly in a disjointed manner; "`We're not married, not really married,' she said, and slowly, reluctantly, disjointedly it came out".
loyally with loyalty; in a loyal manner; "government will not be efficient unless the people as a whole accept leadership loyally and enthusiastically".
dreadfully dismally in a dreadful manner; "as he looks at the mess he has left behind he must wonder how the Brits so often managed to succeed in the kind of situation where he has so dismally failed".
drearily dismally in a cheerless manner; "in August 1914 , there was a dismally sentimental little dinner, when the French, German, Austrian and Belgian members of the committee drank together to the peace of the future".
yieldingly obediently in an obedient manner; "obediently she slipped off her right shoe and stocking".
disobediently in a disobedient manner; "he went ahead disobediently and did what his supervisor had warned him not to do".
dispassionately in an impartially dispassionate manner; "although he was looking at the other girl, he did so dispassionately".
slightingly disparagingly in a disparaging manner; "these mythological figures are described disparagingly as belonging `only to a story'".
disputatiously argumentatively in a disputatious manner.
disquietingly in a disquieting manner; "the disquietingly close sounds of gunfire".
disreputably in a disreputable manner.
reputably in a reputable manner.
respectfully in a respectful manner; "might I respectfully suggest to the Town Council that they should adopt a policy of masterly inactivity?".
disrespectfully in a disrespectful manner; "he treats his parents rather disrespectfully".
distastefully in an offensively distasteful manner; "a distastefully explicit report on the Royal couple's marital life".
trustingly trustfully confidingly with trust; in a trusting manner; "she looked at her father trustingly".
disturbingly in a disturbing manner; "the details of the kidnaper's letter had sounded disturbingly convincing".
domineeringly in a domineering manner; "his wife behaved domineeringly".
dubiously doubtfully in a doubtful manner; "Gerald shook his head doubtfully".
frumpishly frumpily dowdily in a dowdy unfashionable manner; "she dresses dowdily".
drably in a drab manner; "she dresses drably".
moonily dreamily dreamfully in a dreamy manner; "`She would look beautiful in the new dress,' Tommy said dreamily".
droopingly in a drooping manner; "a branch hung low, droopingly".
somnolently drowsily in a drowsy manner; "`Time to get up,' she said drowsily".
dumbly in an inarticulate manner; "I nodded dumbly and he slit the envelope".
obtusely dumbly densely in a stupid manner; "he had so rapaciously desired and so obtusely expected to find her alone".
dynamically in a forceful dynamic manner; "this pianist plays dynamically".
exuberantly expansively ebulliently in an ebullient manner; "Khrushchev ebulliently promised to supply rockets for the protection of Cuba against American aggression".
ecclesiastically in an ecclesiastic manner; "the candidate was ecclesiastically endorsed".
ecologically with respect to ecology; "ecologically speaking, this idea is brilliant; economically, it is a disaster".
rhapsodically rapturously ecstatically in an ecstatic manner; "he reacted ecstatically to my plan to travel to Africa".
educationally in an educational manner; "the assistant masters formed a committee of their own to consider what could be done educationally for the town".
spookily eerily in an unnatural eery manner; "it was eerily quiet in the chapel".
effectually in an effectual manner; "Bismarck was constantly criticised by the more liberal newspapers, and he retaliated by passing an emergency decree that effectually muzzled the press".
ineffectually in an ineffectual manner; "she tried ineffectually to light the primus, and Thomas came to help her".
efficaciously effectively in an effective manner; "these are real problems that can be dealt with most effectively by rational discussion".
inefficaciously ineffectively in an ineffective manner; "he dealt with the problem rather ineffectively".
elementarily in an elementary manner.
effusively in an effusive manner; "the critics praised her effusively".
demonstratively in a demonstrative manner; "he greeted her demonstratively".
selfishly egotistically in an egotistical manner; "he behaved egotistically".
unselfishly in an unselfish manner; "he acted unselfishly when he helped her get the promotion".
elegantly in a gracefully elegant manner; "the members of these groups do not express themselves as accurately or as elegantly as their critics do".
elegantly with elegance; in a tastefully elegant manner; "the room was elegantly decorated".
ineloquently inarticulately without eloquence; in an inarticulate manner; "the freshman expresses his thoughts inarticulately".
eminently in an eminent manner; "two subjects on which he was eminently qualified to make an original contribution".
emulously in a competitively imitative manner; "she emulously tried to outdo her older sister".
encouragingly in an encouraging manner; "`Go on,' he said encouragingly to his student".
discouragingly in a discouraging manner; "the failure rate on the bar exam is discouragingly high".
enterprisingly in an enterprising manner; "`Let's go up that mountain,' she said enterprisingly".
entertainingly in an entertaining manner; "Byron's consumed memoirs possessed the merit of being well and entertainingly written".
equably in an equable manner; "he is an equably cheerful fellow".
equitably in an equitable manner; "the inheritance was equitably divided among the sisters".
inequitably in an inequitable manner; "their father's possessions were inequitably divided among the sons".
learnedly eruditely with erudition; in an erudite manner; "he talked eruditely about Indian mythology".
euphemistically in a euphemistic manner; "his violent death was euphemistically referred to as a passing away".
evasively with evasion; in an evasive manner; "her husband seemed to know many of the people who were named, but he replied evasively when asked who they were".
evolutionarily in an evolutionary way; from an evolutionary point of view; "the mutation has been evolutionarily successful".
unevenly unequally in an unequal or partial manner; "profits were distributed unevenly"; "angry at being dealt with so unequally".
excitingly in an exciting manner; "at the time of its appearance, the movie must have seemed excitingly new, even revolutionary".
unexcitingly in an unexciting manner; "this painting was nothing more but an unexcitingly grey canvas with a few red speckles".
inadvisably expediently in an expedient manner.
inexpediently in an inexpedient manner.
expensively in an expensive manner; "an expensively dressed little man turned a corner and approached her".
tattily inexpensively cheaply in a cheap manner; "a cheaply dressed woman approached him in the bar".
explosively in an explosive manner; "the political situation in Kashmir and Jammu is explosively unstable".
exponentially in an exponential manner; "inflation is growing exponentially".
inexpressively without expression; in an inexpressive manner; "she looked at him inexpressively".
lavishly extravagantly in a wasteful manner; "the United States, up to the 1920s, used fuel lavishly, mainly because it was so cheap".
riotously exuberantly in an exuberant manner; "the exuberantly baroque decoration of the church".
faddishly faddily in a faddish manner.
treasonably treacherously traitorously false faithlessly in a disloyal and faithless manner; "he behaved treacherously"; "his wife played him false".
incorrectly falsely in an incorrect manner; "to credit Lister with the first formulation of the basic principle of stratigraphy would be to bestow credit falsely".
familiarly in an intimately familiar manner; "Sid, as he was familiarly known by his friends, was one of the most respected and devoted members of the socialist minority group".
fanatically in a passionately fanatic manner; "he followed the teachings of his guru fanatically".
whimsically fancifully in a fanciful manner; "the Christmas tree was fancifully decorated".
farcically in a farcical manner; "a farcically inept bungler".
fashionably in a fashionable manner; "his voice had no trace of the drawl that you would expect to find in a fashionably dressed young man".
unfashionably in an unfashionable manner; "she seemed to make a point of being unfashionably dressed".
fastidiously in a fastidious manner; "he writes extremely musical music, of which the sound is fastidiously calculated and yet agreeably spontaneous and imaginative".
uncivilly in an uncivil manner; "he treats his former wife uncivilly".
fatefully in a prophetically fateful manner; "the nurse whispered fatefully to call the priest".
faultily in an inaccurate manner; "these statements were faultily attributed to me".
fearsomely in a fearsome manner; "a sabre slammed fearsomely through the thicket in all directions".
feebly in a halting and feeble manner; "reform, in fact, is, rather feebly, on the win".
feebly in a faint and feeble manner; "the lighthouse, flashing feebly against the sleet-blurred, rocky backdrop of the coast of north west Norway".
unfeelingly without compassionate feelings; "unfeelingly, she required her maid to work on Christmas Day".
felicitously in a felicitous manner; "a not felicitously chosen word".
infelicitously in an infelicitous manner; "he chose his words rather infelicitously".
fitfully in a fitful manner; "he slept fitfully".
flabbily in a flabby manner; "the old man's muscles were sagging flabbily".
flagrantly in a flagrant manner; "he is flagrantly disregarding the law".
showily flashily flamboyantly in a fancy colorful manner; "he dresses rather flamboyantly".
inflexibly in an inflexible manner; "`You will--because you must!,' Madam told her inflexibly".
flippantly airily in a flippant manner; "he answered the reporters' questions flippantly"; "this cannot be airily explained to your children".
fluently in a fluent manner; "she speaks French fluently".
forcibly in a forcible manner; "keep in mind the dangers of imposing our own values and prejudices too forcibly".
forgetfully in a forgetful manner; "she is getting old and acts forgetfully".
forgivingly with forgiveness; in a forgiving manner; "`Never mind,' she said forgivingly".
forlornly in a forlorn manner; "a single chicken was scratching forlornly in the yard".
formidably in a formidable manner; "the constant risk that attends the exchanges of human beings formidably armed".
formlessly in a formless manner; "the dress hung formlessly on her body".
insultingly foully in an unfair and insulting manner; "this internationally known writer was foully condemned by the Muslim fundamentalists".
fractiously in a fractious manner; "the horse was behaving fractiously and refused to jump".
fraternally in a brotherly manner.
hectically frenziedly in a frenzied manner; "we rehearsed frenziedly the last few days before the premiere".
frugally in a frugal manner; "in villages, the new pipeline marks the end of water as a precious liquid, to be dispensed frugally, weighed out drop by drop".
scarily frighteningly in an alarming manner; "the disturbing thing about the Minister's behavior is that far from being artificial, it too often rings frighteningly true".
fretfully in a fretful manner; "fretfully, the baby tossed in his crib".
friskily in a playfully frisky manner; "he moves about friskily despite his age".
frivolously in a frivolous manner; "she spends her time frivolously enjoying the easy life of a rich and spoiled girl".
frothily in a frothy manner; "the champagne poured frothily into the glasses".
gamely in a plucky manner; "he was seen by a shepherd, gamely negotiating a particularly tricky section of the mountain road to San Doloroso".
tawdrily gaudily garishly in a tastelessly garish manner; "the temple was garishly decorated with bright plastic flowers".
genealogically in a genealogical manner; "he charted his family tree genealogically".
genteelly in a genteel manner; "the English lived genteelly in India".
geologically with respect to geology; "geologically speaking, this area is extremely interesting".
mockingly jeeringly gibingly in a disrespectful jeering manner.
gingerly in a gingerly manner; "gingerly I raised the edge of the blanket".
lief gladly fain in a willing manner; "this was gladly agreed to"; "I would fain do it".
joyously joyfully gleefully in a joyous and gleeful manner; "the old man had greeted her gleefully".
joylessly in a joyless manner; without joy; "she greeted her guests joylessly".
gloatingly in a gloating manner; "he spoke gloatingly about people he had cheated out of their money".
gloriously with glory or in a glorious manner; "where others had failed he had gloriously succeeded".
glossily in a glossy manner; "the magazine was glossily printed".