gloweringly in a glowering manner; "he stared gloweringly at this morning's headlines".
glowingly in an enthusiastically glowing manner; "in her letter she praised him glowingly".
gluttonously in a gluttonous manner; "this man eats gluttonously!".
good-naturedly in a good-natured manner.
splendidly resplendently magnificently gorgeously in an impressively beautiful manner; "the Princess was gorgeously dressed".
grandly in a grand manner; "the mansion seemed grandly large by today's standards".
gratuitously in an uncalled-for manner; "he insulted us gratuitously".
greasily in a greasy manner; "the food was greasily unappetizing".
sociably gregariously in a gregarious manner.
grievously in a grievous manner; "the resolute but unbroken Germany, grievously wounded but far from destruction, was able to lay the firm foundations for military revival".
gropingly in an uncertain groping manner.
monstrously grotesquely in a grotesque manner; "behind the house lay two nude figures grotesquely bald, with deliberate knife-slashes marking their bodies".
grudgingly in a grudging manner; "he grudgingly agreed to have a drink in a hotel close by".
ungrudgingly in a generous and ungrudging manner; "he ungrudgingly agreed to pay for everybody's dinner when the guests found themselves without cash".
gruesomely in a gruesome manner; "he was gruesomely wounded".
gruffly in a gruff manner; "`No,' he replied gruffly".
guiltily in the manner of someone who has committed an offense; "she blushed guiltily as she spoke".
gushingly in a gushing manner; "a gushingly prolific writer".
half-heartedly without enthusiasm; in a half-hearted manner; "she tried half-heartedly".
handsomely in a generously handsome manner; "India has responded handsomely by providing 3,000 men".
handsomely in an attractively handsome manner; "the volume was handsomely bound".
harmoniously in a harmonious manner; "the problem of absorbing immigrants harmoniously into British society is as important to the immigrants as to the British".
hatefully in a hateful manner.
rashly headlong in a hasty and foolhardy manner; "he fell headlong in love with his cousin".
unadvisedly in an unadvised manner.
recklessly in a reckless manner.
heartlessly in a heartless manner; "she behaves rather heartlessly toward her admirers".
hotly heatedly in a heated manner; "`To say I am behind the strike is so much nonsense,' declared Mr Harvey heatedly"; "the children were arguing hotly".
hermetically in an airtight manner; "this bag is hermetically sealed".
heroically in a heroic manner; "he become reconciled to not dying heroically in her arms".
monstrously horridly hideously in a hideous manner; "her face was hideously disfigured after the accident".
richly luxuriously high in a rich manner; "he lives high".
high-handedly in a domineering high-handed manner; "he behaved high-handedly toward his employees".
high-mindedly in a high-minded manner; "he talks high-mindedly, but we don't know whether he acts according to his principles".
wonderingly questioningly in a curious and questioning manner; "they turned their heads questioningly, as if awaiting further instructions".
insolently in an insolent manner; "he had replied insolently to his superiors".
hospitably in a hospitable manner; "she was received hospitably by her new family".
inhospitably in an inhospitable manner; "she was received inhospitably by her new family".
huffily in a huffy manner; "`Don't bother to call me back,' he said huffily".
humanely in a humane manner; "let's treat the prisoners of war humanely".
inhumanely in an inhumane manner; "the prisoners of war were treated inhumanely".
humorously in a humorous manner; "Dickens had humorously suggested a special service of intercession at St. Paul's Cathedral".
humourlessly humorlessly in a humorless manner; "he reacted rather humorlessly to these rumors".
ravenously hungrily in the manner of someone who is very hungry; "he pounced on the food hungrily".
hydraulicly hydraulically in a hydraulic manner; "the block is then tested hydraulically to its full design test pressure on each stream separately".
hygienically in a hygienic manner; "the body must cared for hygienically".
unhygienically in an unhygienic manner; "the meat is unhygienically processed on wooden tables".
hysterically in a hysterical manner; "she screamed hysterically when she heard the news".
icily in a cold and icy manner; "`Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers, children and sick people than to take on this vast industry,' Mr Brown commented icily".
identically with complete identity; in an identical manner; "he is fitted with an identically similar one".
identifiably in an identifiable manner; "they were identifiably different".
ideologically with respect to ideology; "ideologically, we do not see eye to eye".
idiomatically in an idiomatic manner; "he expressed himself idiomatically".
lazily idly in an idle manner; "this is what I always imagined myself doing in the south of France, sitting idly, drinking coffee, watching the people".
ignorantly in ignorance; in an ignorant manner; "they lived ignorantly in their own small world".
readably legibly decipherably in a legible manner; "you must write legibly".
unreadably undecipherably illegibly in an illegible manner; "this student writes illegibly".
legitimately in a lawfully recognized manner; "let's get married so our child can be born legitimately".
illicitly illegitimately in a manner disapproved or not allowed by custom; "He acted illegitimately when he increased the rent fourfold".
logically in a logical manner; "he acted logically under the circumstances".
illogically in an illogical manner; "she acted illogically under the pressure".
illustriously in an illustrious manner; "Einstein, the illustriously famous physicist of the 20th century".
immaculately in an immaculate manner; "gone was the casually dressed Canadian she had thought a backwoodsman--this man was immaculately tailored".
impartially in an impartial manner; "he smiled at them both impartially".
virtuously morally in a moral manner; "he acted morally under the circumstances".
impassively in an impassive manner; "he submitted impassively to his arrest".
unrepentantly impenitently in an impenitent manner; "he repeated his position unrepentantly".
repentantly penitently penitentially showing remorse.
peremptorily imperatively in an imperative and commanding manner.
perceptibly observably noticeably in a noticeable manner; "he changed noticeably over the years".
imperiously in an imperious manner; "imperiously he cut her short".
impersonally in an impersonal manner; "when I told him about Russ I found it difficult to speak impersonally".
impiously in an impious manner; "the young members challenged their leader impiously".
puckishly impishly in an appealing but bold manner; "she asked him impishly to come in".
explicitly in an explicit manner; "in his foreword Professor Clark puts it explicitly".
precisely incisively exactly in a precise manner; "she always expressed herself precisely".
inexactly imprecisely in an imprecise manner; "he expressed himself imprecisely".
impregnably in an impregnable manner; "the sight of that bland, impregnably righteous face has been enough to make their blood run cold".
improvidently in an improvident manner; "he lived improvidently for the moment".
providently in a provident manner; "providently, he had saved up some money for emergencies".
prudently providentially in a prudent manner; "I had allotted my own bedroom for necking, prudently removing both the bed and the key, and taken both myself and my typewriter into my son's bedroom.".
imprudently in an imprudent manner; "imprudently, he downed tools and ran home to make his wife happy".
adequately in an adequate manner or to an adequate degree; "he was adequately prepared".
incisively in an incisive manner; "he was incisively critical".
incongruously in an incongruous manner; "his shirttails stuck out from his tuxedo pants somewhat incongruously".
conspicuously in a manner tending to attract attention; "there have been plenty of general declarations about willingness to meet and talk, but conspicuously no mention of time and place".
incriminatingly in an incriminating manner.
indelibly in an indelible manner; "this tradition has left its mark indelibly upon the social, political, educational and industrial fabric of this country".
indeterminably in an indeterminable manner; "their relationship was of an indeterminably vague nature".
indifferently with indifference; in an indifferent manner; "she shrugged indifferently".
indignantly in an indignant manner; "Miss Burney protested indignantly, her long thin nose turning pink with mortification at this irreverent piece of mimicry".
indolently in an indolent manner; "he lives indolently with his relatives".
indulgently in an indulgent manner; "I was indulgently advised to give the kids what they wanted unless I wished my son to be socially ostracised".
industriously in an industrious manner; "they hoed up weeds industriously all morning".
inextricably in an inextricable manner; "motives inspired by Mammon were often inextricably blended with things pertaining to Caesar and to God".
instructively informatively in an informative manner.
ingeniously in an ingenious manner; "a Hampshire farmer had fowls of different breeds, including Dorkings, and he discriminated ingeniously between the `dark ones' and the `white ones'".
ingratiatingly in a flattering and ingratiating manner; "she behaves ingratiatingly toward her boss".
inherently in an inherent manner; "the subject matter is sexual activity of any overt kind, which is depicted as inherently desirable and exciting".
unreproducibly inimitably in an unreproducible manner; "he has an inimitably verbose style".
iniquitously in an iniquitous manner; "they really believed that the treaty of Versailles was iniquitously injust".
innately in an innate manner; "the child is said to be innately disposed to learn language".
innocently in a naively innocent manner; "she smiled at him innocently".
inquiringly enquiringly in an inquiring manner; "Tom Swift looked at his cabin mates inquiringly".
unsatiably insatiably in an insatiable manner; with persistence but without satisfaction; "he clawed insatiably at the traditional precepts".
securely in an invulnerable manner; "the agreed line was to involve at several points the withdrawal of French troops from positions which they had quite securely held".
securely in a manner free from fear or risk; "the outcome of expansion in the sixties and seventies will be an academic hierarchy securely supported by scholastic selection".
insecurely in a manner involving risk; "our positions here at the university are rather insecurely supported by grant money".
securely in a confident and unselfconscious manner; "he acts very securely in front of the camera".
insecurely in a tentative and self-conscious manner; "she always acts very insecurely in the presence of her father".
sensitively in a sensitive manner; "she questioned the rape victim very sensitively about the attack".
insensitively in an insensitive manner; "the police officer questioned the woman rather insensitively about the attack".
perniciously insidiously in a harmfully insidious manner; "these drugs act insidiously".
from_the_heart very sincerely; "he spoke from the heart".
insinuatingly in an insinuating manner; "the art book has art to sell, insinuatingly, and for a purpose, like the American muse, which has in fact a tradition to sell, and one which doesn't exist, in painting".
insipidly in an insipid manner; "insipidly expressed thoughts".
substantially in a strong substantial way; "the house was substantially built".
insultingly in a disrespectful and insulting manner; "he behaves insultingly toward his parents".
interchangeably in an interchangeable manner; "these terms can be used interchangeably".
intermittently in an intermittent manner; "intermittently we questioned the barometer".
tolerantly in a tolerant manner; "he reacts rather tolerantly toward his son's juvenile behavior".
intolerantly in an intolerant manner.
transitively in a transitive manner; "you can use the verb `eat' transitively or intransitively".
intransitively in an intransitive manner; "you can use the verb `drink' intransitively, without a direct object".
intravenously in an intravenous manner; "the patient had to be fed intravenously".
intuitively in an intuitive manner; "inventors seem to have chosen intuitively a combination of explosive and aggressive sounds as warning signals to be used on automobiles".
inventively in an inventive manner; "Picasso's liberated shapes and excitingly applied and inventively combined colours".
invidiously in a manner arousing resentment.
invincibly in an invincible manner; "invincibly, the troops moved forward".
irately in an irate manner; "`Get out,' he shouted irately".
ironically in an ironic manner; "she began to mimic him ironically".
irrelevantly in an irrelevant manner; "suddenly and irrelevantly, she asked him for money".
irretrievably in an irretrievable manner; "it is irretrievably lost".
irreverently in an irreverent manner; "in the seventeenth century England had known fifty years of doctrinal quarrels and civil war; clergymen had been turned from their cures, and churches irreverently used".
irreverently without respect; "the student irreverently mimicked the teacher in his presence".
irreversibly in an irreversible manner; "this old tradition is irreversibly disappearing".
jarringly in a manner that jars and irritates; "the piano was jarringly out of tune".
jejunely immaturely in an immature manner; "his teenage son still behaves very immaturely".
maturely in a mature manner; "she acts very maturely for her age".
jocular jocosely with humor; "they tried to deal with this painful subject jocularly".
jovially in a jovial manner; "he greeted his friend jovially".
judiciously in a judicious manner; "let's use these intelligence tests judiciously".
injudiciously in an injudicious manner; "these intelligence tests were used injudiciously for many years".
keenly in a keen and discriminating manner; "he was keenly aware of his own shortcomings".
laboriously in a laborious manner; "their lives were spent in committee making decisions for others to execute on the basis of data laboriously gathered for them".
lackadaisically in an idle and lackadaisical manner; "he was hanging around the house lackadaisically".
languidly in a languid and lethargic manner; "the men languidly put on their jackets".
languorously in a languorous manner; "he was sprawling languorously on the sofa".
salaciously lasciviously in a lascivious manner.
ridiculously preposterously ludicrously laughably so as to arouse or deserve laughter; "her income was laughably small, but she managed to live well".
leniently laxly in a permissively lenient manner; "he felt incensed that Tarrant should have been treated so leniently given his crime".
lazily in a slow and lazy manner; "I watched the blue smoke drift lazily away on the still air".
unenergetically lethargically without energy; in a lethargic manner; "he hung around the house lethargically".
wantonly promiscuously licentiously in a licentious and promiscuous manner; "this young girl has to share a room with her mother who lives promiscuously".
lifelessly in a lifeless manner; "the girl lay in her arms lifelessly".
yearningly longingly in a yearning manner; "he spent the rest of the act gazing longingly over my right shoulder at the illuminated word `Exit'".
perspicuously pellucidly lucidly limpidly in a clear and lucid manner; "this is a lucidly written book".
tepidly lukewarmly in an unenthusiastically lukewarm manner; "he was lukewarmly received by his relatives".
manageably so as to be manageable; "this house is manageably small".
lightsomely light-heartedly in a light-hearted manner; "he light-heartedly overlooks some of the basic facts of life".
limnologically with regard to or concerning limnology.
listlessly in a listless manner; "they shook hands rather listlessly".
lividly in a livid manner.
loftily in a lofty manner; "she bore herself loftily".
logarithmically in a logarithmic manner; "data plotted logarithmically with respect to time is shown in Figure 2".
talkily talkatively loquaciously garrulously in a chatty loquacious manner; "`When I was young,' she continued loquaciously, `I used to do all sorts of naughty things'".
luridly in a lurid manner; "it was luridly described in the book as the place where mystics took refuge".
lustfully in a lustful manner; "he looked at the young woman lustfully".
lyrically in a lyrical manner; "she danced the part of the Black Swan very lyrically".
magnanimously in a magnanimous manner; "magnanimously, he forgave all those who had harmed him".
magniloquently grandiloquently in a rhetorically grandiloquent manner; "the orator spoke magniloquently".
majestically in a majestic manner; "flamingoes walk majestically through the marshes".
benevolently in a benevolent manner; "she looked on benevolently".
malevolently in a malevolent manner; "she gossips malevolently".
managerially in a managerial manner.
mangily in a mangy manner.
manipulatively in an artfully manipulative manner.
masochistically in a masochistic manner; "masochistically he insisted on an even greater workload".
masterfully in a skillfully masterful manner; with the skill of a master; "the young boy played the violin sonata masterfully".
materialistically in a materialistic manner; "one should not approach life materialistically".
mawkishly drippily in a mawkish and emotional manner; "the violinist played that piece mawkishly".
meanderingly in a meandering manner; "the river ran meanderingly through the valley".
meaningfully in a meaningful manner; so as to be meaningful; "He glanced at her meaningfully".
meanly humbly in a miserly manner; "they lived meanly and without ostentation".
meanspiritedly in a meanspirited manner.
mechanistically in a mechanistic manner; "Handel achieves a huge breadth of musical thought when composing almost mechanistically in the least weighty of styles".
meditatively in a meditative manner; "round and round, while meditatively, as a cow chewing the cud, he let his eyes rest on the flat water ahead of him".
mellowly mellow (obsolete) in a mellow manner.
tunefully melodiously in a melodious manner; "she sang melodiously".
unmelodiously in an unmelodious manner; "she sings rather unmelodiously".
melodramatically in an overly emotional manner; "she acted melodramatically when she called for help".
unforgettably memorably in a memorable manner; "Horowitz could play Chopin memorably".
unmemorably in an unmemorable manner.
threateningly menacingly in a menacing manner; "the voice at the other end of the line dropped menacingly".
untruthfully mendaciously in a mendacious and untruthful manner; "I told him, quite untruthfully, that I had just returned from leave".
truthfully with truth; "I told him truthfully that I had just returned from my vacation"; "he answered the question as truthfully as he could".
menially in a menial manner.
unmercifully remorselessly pitilessly mercilessly without pity; in a merciless manner; "he was mercilessly trounced by his opponent in the House".
meretriciously flashily in a meretricious manner; "the boat is meretriciously decorated".
meritoriously in a meritorious manner; "he served his country meritoriously".
untidily messily in a messy, untidy manner; "Rossi spat very deliberately, and very messily, upon Durieux's party card".
tidily in a tidy manner; "the door gave access to a tidily furnished sitting-room where chintz and oak predominated".
methodologically in a methodical manner; "let us proceed methodologically".
rhythmically in a rhythmic manner; "the chair rocked rhythmically back and forth".
mindlessly without intellectual involvement; "all day long, he mindlessly filled out forms".
mincingly in a mincing manner; "she stepped mincingly over the puddles".
ministerially in the manner of a minister or clergyman; "he was called on to visit ministerially on the dying man".
minutely circumstantially in minute detail; "our inability to see everything minutely and clearly is due merely to the infirmity of our senses".
miraculously in a miraculous manner; "my hand grasped the gun that was, miraculously, lying on the ground beside my finger tips".
miserably in a miserable manner; "I bit my lip miserably and nodded".
mistily in a misty manner; "the summits of the mountains were mistily purple".
monotonously in a monotonous manner; "the history of the play throughout the latter part of the eighteenth century is monotonously uneventful".
moodily in a moody manner; "in the bar, a youngish, sharp-eyed man was staring moodily into a gin and tonic".
morosely in a morose manner; "he fell morosely on the bed".
morphologically in a morphological manner; with regard to morphology; "these two plants are morphologically related".
motionlessly without moving; in a motionless manner; "he saw the black-haired man waiting motionlessly behind the opposite side of the platform".
mundanely in a mundane manner; "the young man spoke so mundanely of university life".
terrestrially mundanely in a worldly manner; "terrestrially changeable".
murkily unclearly; opaquely; "murkily expressed ideas".
unmusically in an unmusical manner; "She sings rather unmusically".
musingly in a reflective manner; "`It's funny about that bar,' he said musingly".
reciprocally mutually in a mutual or shared manner; "the agreement was mutually satisfactory"; "the goals of the negotiators were not reciprocally exclusive".
naively in a naive manner; "he believed, naively, that she would leave him her money".
broad-mindedly in a broad-minded manner; "the authorities broad-mindedly permitted the opening of a center for teenagers".
nattily in a natty manner; with smartness; "it was arranged carefully and nattily".
jauntily in a jaunty fashionable manner; "his hat sat jauntily on his full brown hair".
necessarily as a highly likely consequence; "we are necessarily bound for federalism in Europe".
unnecessarily in an unnecessary manner; "they were unnecessarily rude".
neglectfully in a neglectful manner.
negligently in a negligent manner; "he did his work negligently".
nervously in an anxiously nervous manner; "we watched the stock market nervously".
neurotically in a neurotic manner; "they are finely, not to say neurotically adjusted".
close_up at_close_range very close; "without my reading glasses I can hardly see things close up"; "even firing at close range he missed".
nobly in a noble manner; "she has behaved nobly".
nostalgically in a nostalgic manner; "they spent an hour together, talking nostalgically as they wandered slowly down the coast road".
nutritionally with regard to nutrition; "nutritionally, her new diet is suicide".
numbly insensibly in a numb manner; without feeling; "I stared at him numbly".
subserviently servilely obsequiously in an obsequious manner; "she acts obsequiously toward her boss".
observingly observantly in an observant manner.
obtrusively in an obtrusive manner.
unobtrusively in an unobtrusive manner; "messengers were moving unobtrusively over the jet-black mountain ranges, bearing confidential tidings from sheikhdom to sheikhdom".
officiously in an officious manner; "nothing so fatal as to strive too officiously for an abstract quality like beauty".
obstructively hinderingly in an obstructive manner; "he acted very obstructively when we tried to carry out our project".
onerously in an onerous manner.
opaquely in an opaque manner; "he referred opaquely to her recent past".
optimally in an optimal and most desirable way.
optimistically with optimism; in an optimistic manner; "`We have a good chance of winning,' he exclaimed optimistically".
pessimistically with pessimism; in a pessimistic manner; "he evaluated his chances for survival rather pessimistically".
optionally in an optional manner; "this rule is applied optionally".
obligatorily in an obligatory manner; "this rule applies obligatorily".
sumptuously opulently in a sumptuous and opulent manner; "this government building is sumptuously appointed".
showily ostentatiously with ostentation; in an ostentatious manner; "Mr Khrushchev ostentatiously wooed and embraced Castro at the U.N. general assembly".
outlandishly in an outlandish manner; "the Bavarian was outlandishly dressed in lederhosen".
outspokenly in an outspoken manner; "he was outspokenly critical of the Government's new social policy".
overbearingly in an overbearing manner.
owlishly in an owlish manner; "the gentle-looking barrister peered owlishly around him".
pacifistically in a pacifistic manner; "the pacifistically inclined liberals".
painstakingly fastidiously in a fastidious and painstaking manner; "it is almost a waste of time painstakingly to learn the routines of selling".
pallidly palely dimly in a manner lacking interest or vitality; "a palely entertaining show".
parentally in a parental manner.
parenthetically in a parenthetical manner; "he added parenthetically that he would not attend the wedding ceremony".
parochially in a parochial manner; "parochially narrow in his outlook".
paternally in a paternal manner; "he behaves very paternally toward his young bride".
pitiably pathetically in a manner arousing sympathy and compassion; "the sick child cried pathetically".
unpatriotically in an unpatriotic manner; "unpatriotically he contrived a way of avoiding military service".
peaceably pacifically in a peaceable manner; "the tenant paying the rent hereby reserved and performing the several covenants herein on his part contained shall peaceably hold and enjoy the demised premises".
pedantically in a pedantic manner; "these interpretations are called `schemas' or, more pedantically, `schemata'".
querulously peevishly fractiously in a peevish manner.
penetratively penetratingly with ability to see into deeply; "the author treats his subject penetratingly".
pensively in a pensive manner; "pensively he stared at the painting".
penuriously in a penurious manner; "they lived penuriously".
perceptively in a perceptive manner.
perceptually with regard to perception; "this task is perceptually very difficult".
perfidiously in a perfidious manner; "he was playing perfidiously one side against the other".
perkily in a perky manner; "stuck perkily, like a bustle on a woman's skirt".
perpendicularly in a perpendicular manner; "this red line runs perpendicularly to the green line".
perplexedly confoundedly in a perplexed manner; "he looked at his professor perplexedly".
persistently in a persistent manner; "he was asking questions, unavoidable questions, persistently...".
persuasively in a persuasive manner; "this essay argues so persuasively...".
pertinaciously in a dogged and pertinacious manner; "he struggled pertinaciously for the new resolution".
pervasively in a pervasive manner.
pharmacologically with regard to pharmacology; "pharmacologically, this plant could have important applications".
philanthropically in a philanthropic manner.
philatelically in a philatelic manner; "the Post Office honors great Americans philatelically".
phlegmatically in a phlegmatic manner; "he accepted the decision phlegmatically".
picturesquely in a picturesque manner; "in the building trade such a trader is picturesquely described as a `brass plate' merchant".
piggishly in a piggish manner; "piggishly, he took two pieces of cake".
spicily piquantly with strong spices; in a spicy manner; "the soup was spicily flavored".
placidly in a placid and good-natured manner; "I put the questions, and she answered them placidly".
placidly in a quiet and tranquil manner; "the sea now shimmered placidly before our eyes".
unrecognizably unrecognisable beyond recognition; in an unrecognizable manner; "he had unrecognizably aged".
piratically in a piratical manner; "the piratically published edition of his book".
piteously in a piteous manner.
sententiously pithily in a pithy sententious manner; "she expressed herself pithily".
placatingly in a placating manner; "Jenny smiled placatingly".
plaintively in a plaintive manner; "the last note of the song rang out plaintively".
playfully in a playful manner; "she loosened the half-hoop of diamonds on her left hand third finger and held it out to him playfully".
pleasingly in a pleasing manner; "the room was pleasingly large".
plenarily in a plenary manner; "an empire destined to enter the Commonwealth plenarily".
ploddingly in a plodding manner; "this writer ploddingly accumulates detail after detail".
pneumatically in a pneumatic manner; "at the present time the transmission is very often done hydraulically or pneumatically".
pointlessly in a pointless manner; "he spent his life in pointlessly tiresome drudgery".
venomously poisonously in a very malevolent manner.
pluckily in a plucky manner; "he was Brentford's defensive star in pluckily holding out the determined Reading raids for long periods".
ponderously in a heavy ponderous manner; "he moves ponderously".
ponderously in an uninterestingly ponderous manner; "the play was staged with ponderously realistic sets".
popishly like the Pope; in a popish manner.
portentously in a portentous manner; "portentously, the engines began to roll".
possessively in a possessive manner; "he was sleeping, one arm flung possessively across his wife".
poutingly with a pout or in a pouting manner.
strongly powerfully in a powerful manner; "the federal government replaced the powerfully pro-settler Sir Godfrey Huggins with the even tougher and more determined ex-trade unionist".
powerlessly in a powerless manner.
practicably feasibly in a practicable manner; so as to be feasible.
pragmatically in a realistic manner; "we want to build a democratic society, but we must act pragmatically".
preeminently pre-eminently to a preeminent degree; with superiority or distinction above others; in a preeminent manner; "a wide variety of pre-eminently contemporary scenes".
precariously in a precarious manner; "being a precariously dominant minority is a difficult position for human nature to cope with".
precipitously abruptly; in a precipitous manner; "the mountains rose precipitously from the shore".
precociously in a precocious manner; "her child behaves precociously".
untimely prematurely too soon; in a premature manner; "I spoke prematurely".
carnally in a carnal manner.
presentably in a presentable manner; "years ago in her white-painted infancy it must have hung presentably on the deck of some luxury liner".
pressingly in a pressing manner.
presumptuously in a presumptuous manner; "he presumptuously overstepped the doctor's orders".
unpretentiously in an unpretentious manner; "she was unpretentiously dressed even though she was the guest of honor".
supernaturally preternaturally in a supernatural manner; "she was preternaturally beautiful".
prettily in a pretty manner; "all this is most prettily done".
priggishly in a priggish manner; "this professor acts so priggishly--like a moderator with a gavel!".
prissily primly in a prissy manner; "the new teacher alienates the children by behaving prissily".
primitively in a primitive style or manner; "rather primitively operated foundries".
warmly warm in a warm manner; "warmly dressed"; "warm-clad skiers".
profanely in an irreverent or profane manner; "he kept wondering profanely why everything bad happened to him".
proficiently in a proficient manner; "he dealt proficiently with the problem".
promiscuously indiscriminately in an indiscriminate manner; "she reads promiscuously".
promisingly in an auspicious manner; "the afternoon had begun so promisingly".
unimaginatively prosaically in a matter-of-fact manner; "I applied my attention prosaically to my routine".
prosily in a prosy manner; "somewhat prosily and repetitively expounded".
proverbially in the manner of something that has become a byword; "this proverbially bitter plant, wormwood".
providentially in a providential manner; as determined by providence; "his providentially destined role".
providentially in a fortunately providential manner; "providentially the weather remained good".
provokingly provocatively in a provocative manner; "`Try it,' he said provocatively".
puritanically prudishly in a prudish manner; "she acts prudishly, but I wonder whether she is really all that chaste".
pruriently in a prurient manner.
pugnaciously in a pugnacious manner.
punctiliously in a punctilious manner; "he launched into a long history of the birth of communism, giving credit punctiliously to the work of Marx and Engels".
pungently with pungency; in a pungent manner; "he wrote pungently about his contemporaries".
punily in a puny manner.
punishingly in a punishing manner.
punitorily punitively penally in a punishing manner.
purposefully in a purposeful manner; "he caught the motorcycles in the full glare of his headlights, braked and slipped purposefully out of the car".
quaintly in a quaint old-fashioned manner; "the room was quaintly furnished".
qualitatively in a qualitative manner; "this discoloration qualitatively suggests that the substance is low in inorganic iron".
queasily in a queasy manner; "`Do I have to remove the liver,' the medical student asked queasily".
queerly fishily in a questionably unusual manner; "this money had been queerly come by".
strangely queerly oddly funnily in a strange manner; "a queerly inscribed sheet of paper".
unquestionably unimpeachably without question; "Fred Winter is unquestionably the jockey to follow"; "they hired unimpeachably first-rate faculty members".
questionably dubiously in a questionable and dubious manner; "these were estates his father questionably acquired".
quizzically questioningly in a quizzical and questioning manner; "they looked quizzically at the doctor".
restfully quietly in a restful manner; "the streets are restfully sunny and still for the town is at mass".
quixotically in a quixotic manner; "sent to jail for two years, he has quixotically refused to clear himself by betraying his colleagues".
racily in a racy manner; "racily vernacular language".
radially in a radial manner; "an imaginative dispersal of the pews radially from the central focus of the pulpit".
radiantly in a radiant manner; "the bride smiled radiantly".
unevenly raggedly in a ragged uneven manner; "I took the cigarette he offered, drawing at it raggedly".
wild rampantly in an uncontrolled and rampant manner; "weeds grew rampantly around here".
rapaciously in a rapacious manner.
ravingly raving in a raving manner; "raving mad".
reassuringly in a reassuring manner; "the prime minister pointed reassuringly to the silence of the British press".
rebukingly in the manner of someone delivering a rebuke.
receptively in a receptive manner.
reflectively in a reflective manner; "he watched her reflectively".
refreshingly in a pleasantly novel manner; "she was refreshingly free from shyness".
refreshingly refreshfully in a manner that relieves fatigue and restores vitality; "the air was refreshingly cool".
regally in a regal manner; "a regally appropriate representative".
reminiscently in a reminiscent manner; "she spoke reminiscently of her days in college".
remotely in a remote manner; "when the measured speech of the chorus passes over into song the tones are, remotely but unmistakably, those taught by the orthodox liturgy".
repellingly repellently in a repellent manner; "repellently fat".
repetitively in a repetitive manner; "this type of border display is used repetitively in advertising".
resentfully with resentment; in a resentful manner; "the best doctors would stay resentfully out of the national service, refusing to become the minions of a Minister".
reservedly with reserve; in a reserved manner.
resignedly with resignation and acceptance; in a resigned manner; "resignedly, I telegraphed back that it was all right with me if he insisted".
resoundingly in a resounding manner; "he then so resoundingly denounced his former friend".
resourcefully in a resourceful manner.
respectably in a decent and morally reputable manner; "the film ends with the middle-aged romancers respectably married".
respectably creditably to a tolerably worthy extent; "he did respectably well for his age".
restrictively in a restrictive manner; "this relative clause is used restrictively".
retentively in a retentive manner.
reticently with reticence; in a reticent manner; "she answered the questions reticently".
vindictively vengefully revengefully in a vindictive, revengeful manner; "he plotted vindictively against his former superiors".
reverently reverentially with reverence; in a reverent manner; "he gazed reverently at the handiwork".
rhetorically in a rhetorical manner; "`What can be done?' he asked rhetorically".
righteously in a righteous manner; "righteously indignant".
unrighteously in an unrighteous manner; "he acted unrighteously".
riskily in a dangerously risky manner; "he lost the game by playing too riskily".
robustly in a robust manner; "he was robustly built".
roguishly in a playfully roguish manner; "he winked at her roguishly".
romantically in a romantic manner; "they were romantically linked".
rotationally in a rotational manner; "the required influence lines are found by subjecting the model to small displacements horizontally, vertically and rotationally".
sonorously rotundly in a sonorous manner; "the congregation consisted chiefly of a few young folk, who snored sonorously".
rowdily raucously in a rowdy manner; "the crowd got drunk and started to behave rowdily".
ruthlessly in a ruthless manner; "the government has been urged to take immediate action to deal ruthlessly with the strikers".
sardonically sarcastically in a sarcastic manner; "`Ah, now we're getting at the truth,' he interposed sarcastically".
self-righteously sanctimoniously in a sanctimonious manner; "she was sanctimoniously criticizing everybody".
scandalously in a scandalous manner; "you behaved scandalously when you walked out of that meeting!".
unsparingly scathingly in a scathing and unsparing manner; "she criticized him scathingly".
skeptically sceptically with scepticism; in a sceptical manner; "he looked at her sceptically".
schematically in a schematic manner; "schematically outlined".
scurrilously in a scurrilously manner; "one paper scurrilously described how Edward was neglecting a bereaved mother to dance attendance on Wally".
searchingly in a searching manner; "`Are you really happy with him,' asked her mother, gazing at Vera searchingly".
secretively in a secretive manner; with a preference for secrecy; "the teacher raised a hand to him, slightly and secretively, because he was her favorite".
sedately calmly in a sedate manner.
temptingly seductively in a tempting seductive manner; "she smiled at him seductively".
selectively by selection; in a selective manner; "we choose our students very selectively".
self-consciously in an uncomfortably self-conscious manner; "the little girl self-consciously recited the poem".
unselfconsciously in a comfortable unselfconscious manner; "they were naked, unshy, and unselfconsciously beautiful".
self-evidently in a self-evident manner.
sensationally in a sensational manner; "in the summer of 1958 the pianist had a sensationally triumphant return".
senselessly in a meaningless and purposeless manner; "these innocent bystanders were senselessly killed".
sensuously with aesthetic gratification or delight; "sensuously delighting in the wine and food".
voluptuously in an indulgently voluptuous manner; "he sniffed the perfume voluptuously".
sultrily sensually in a sultry and sensual manner; "the belly dancer mover sensually among the tables".
sentimentally in a sentimental manner; "`I miss the good old days,' she added sentimentally".
unsentimentally in an unsentimental manner; "unsentimentally, she threw out her dead son's toys".
serenely in a peacefully serene manner; "I had the feeling that he was waiting, too--serenely patient".
shabbily in a mean and ungenerous manner; "the two were haggling shabbily in the drawing-room".
shaggily in a shaggy manner; "shaggily unkempt mane".
shakily in an insecurely shaky manner; "this theory is rather shakily supported by some obscure data".
shallowly in a shallow manner.
shambolically in a shambolic manner.
shamefacedly in a shamefaced manner; "quarrels and dissensions ensued among the cast, most of whom hurriedly and shamefacedly handed over their parts to understudies".
shapelessly in a shapeless manner; "the dress hung shapelessly on her thin body".
sheepishly in a sheepish manner; "sheepishly he handed her back the money".
shiftily in a shifty manner; "he looked at his new customer shiftily".
shoddily in a shoddy manner; "a shoddily built house"; "he treated her shoddily".
unmistakably signally remarkably in a signal manner; "signally inappropriate methods".
silkily in a silky manner; "the young wheat shone silkily"; "`Darling,' she said silkily".
sketchily in a sketchy incomplete manner; "he explained sketchily"; "the dishes were only sketchily washed".
skillfully skilfully with skill; "fragments of a nearly complete jug, skillfully restored at the institute of archaeology".
skimpily in a skimpy manner; "a skimpily dressed woman".
skittishly in a skittish manner; "the horse pranced around skittishly".
sky-high to a very high level; "prices have gone sky-high"; "garbage was piled sky-high"; "the men were flung sky-high by the explosion".
sky-high enthusiastically in a lavish or enthusiastic manner; "he extolled her virtues sky-high".
slangily with slang; in a slangy manner; "he expresses himself slangily".
slapdash slam-bang in a careless or reckless manner; "the shelves were put up slapdash".
slavishly in a slavish manner; "his followers slavishly believed in his new diet".
sleekly in a sleek glossy manner; "the wet road was shining sleekly".
sleepily in a sleepy manner; "the two children who were snuggled sleepily in the back of the car".
sleeplessly without sleep; in a sleepless manner; "he was lying in bed sleeplessly".
slimly slightly slenderly in a slim or slender manner; "a slenderly built woman"; "slightly built".
smoothly in a smooth and diplomatic manner; "`And now,' he said smoothly, `we will continue the conversation'".
sloppily in a sloppy manner; "this work was done rather sloppily".
slouchily in a slouchy manner; "slouchily dressed".
smilingly with smiles; in a smiling manner; "the girl reminded her smilingly of their childhood spent together".
unsmilingly without smile; in an unsmiling manner; "unsmilingly, he greeted his in-laws".
smugly in a smug manner; "the bureaucrats explained smugly that the facts provided by their own experts show no cause for concern".
vulgarly smuttily in a smutty manner.
sneakingly in a sneaky manner; "I always felt sneakingly that I wanted to be a concert pianist".
superciliously snidely sneeringly with a sneer; in an uncomplimentary sneering manner; "`I don't believe in these customs,' he said sneeringly".
uppishly snootily snobbishly in a snobbish manner; "they snobbishly excluded their less wealthy friends from the party".
sociably in a sociable manner; "sociably, the new neighbors invited everyone on the block for coffee".
unsociably in an unsociable manner; "the new neighbors behave quite unsociably".
sociologically with regard to sociology; "sociologically speaking, this is an interesting phenomenon".
solicitously in a concerned and solicitous manner; "`Don't you feel well?' his mother asked solicitously".
sombrely somberly in a somber manner; "`That's sure bad news,' said Dowd, somberly".
soothingly in a soothing manner; "the mother talked soothingly to her child".
sorrowfully in a sorrowful manner.
sottishly in a sottish manner.
soullessly in a soulless manner; "they were soullessly grubbing for profit".
sourly in a sour manner; "he complained sourly that the new rules only benefitted the managers".
sparely in a spare manner; "William held me longest with his recent bronzes sparely arranged at Waddington's galleries".
sparsely in a sparse manner; "sparsely inhabited".
speciously in a specious manner.
sportingly so as to be sporting; in a sporting manner.
unsportingly in an unsportsmanlike manner.
spotlessly in a spotless manner; "spotlessly clean".
trimly in a trim manner; "he was trimly attired".
squeamishly in a squeamish manner; "`I would rather not touch,' he said squeamishly".
theatrically stagily in a stagy and theatrical manner; "`I cannot show my face at her house,' he declared theatrically".
standoffishly in a standoffish manner; "standoffishly, he declined the invitation to the office party".
starkly in a blunt manner; "in starkly realistic terms".
startlingly in a startling manner; "a startlingly modern voice".
staunchly stanchly in a staunch manner; "he staunchly defended his principles".
steeply in a steep manner; "the street rose steeply up to the castle".
stereotypically in a stereotypical manner.
stertorously in a noisy and stertorous manner; "he was breathing stertorously".
viscidly stickily in a sticky viscid manner; "he felt the blood move stickily from his split scalp and trickle down his forehead".
stiltedly in a stilted manner; "she answered him stiltedly".
stingily chintzily cheaply in a stingy manner; "their rich uncle treated them rather chintzily".
stirringly in a stirring manner; "he talked stirringly about his days during the war".
stockily so as to be stocky; "he was stockily built".
stoically without emotion; in a stoic manner; "he stoically accepted all suffering".
stonily in a stony manner; "stonily indifferent to time".
strategically with regard to strategy; "strategically important decisions".
stridently in a strident manner; "the cheap clock ticked stridently".
stringently strictly in a stringent manner; "the laws are stringently enforced"; "stringently controlled".
stuffily stodgily in a stuffy manner; "`Come in please,' he said stuffily".
sturdily in a sturdy manner; "feet sturdily apart".
stylishly in a stylish manner; "she was dressed very stylishly".
stylistically in a rhetorically stylistic manner; "stylistically complex".
suavely with suavity; in a suave manner; "he is suavely charming and all the ladies love him".
sublimely completely; in a lofty and exalted manner; "awaking in me, sublimely unconscious, interest and energy for tackling these tasks".
subtly in a subtle manner; "late nineteenth-century French opera at its most beautiful, subtly romantic with a twilight melancholy".
romantically in a romantic manner; "she fantasized romantically about eloping with her boyfriend".
unromantically without romance; in an unromantic manner; "we got married, rather unromantically, in a dingy office in the town hall".
sulkily in a sulky manner; "`What else could I do?' said Graham sulkily".
superfluously in a superfluous manner; "superfluously, he added his silly comments to the discussion".
superstitiously in a superstitious manner; "superstitiously he refused to travel on Friday the 13th".
supinely in an indifferently supine manner; "he called the tune to me and I supinely took it up".
surreptitiously sneakily in a surreptitious manner; "he was watching her surreptitiously as she waited in the hotel lobby".
surpassingly to a surpassing degree; "she was a surpassingly beautiful woman".
surprisedly in the manner of one who is surprised.
sweepingly in a sweeping manner; "he sweepingly condemned the entire population of the country for the war crimes".
sweetly sweet in an affectionate or loving manner (`sweet' is sometimes a poetic or informal variant of `sweetly'); "Susan Hayward plays the wife sharply and sweetly"; "how sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank"- Shakespeare; "talking sweet to each other".
synchronously in synchrony; in a synchronous manner; "in four-chambered hearts, the two auricles move synchronously".
synthetically by synthesis; in a synthetic manner; "some of these drugs have been derived from opium and others have been produced synthetically".
tactfully showing tact or tactfulness; in a tactful manner; "he stepped tactfully in to prevent trouble".
tactlessly without tact; in a tactless manner; "at the moment of the murder, he is standing in front of television cameras and talking tactlessly".
tamely in a tame manner; "the labour movement allowed itself to be run out of power tamely".
tangibly in a tangible manner; "virtue is tangibly rewarded".
tartly in a tart manner; "`Never mind your immortal soul,' she said tartly".
tastily tastefully with taste; in a tasteful manner; "the house was tastefully decorated".
tastily in a tasty manner; "the meal was tastily cooked".
teasingly tauntingly in a playfully teasing manner; "`You hate things to be out of order, don't you?' she said teasingly".
tautly in a taut manner; "the rope was tautly stretched".
tearfully with tears; in a tearful manner; "the man confessed tearfully to having beaten his wife".
telescopically in a telescopic manner; "each of the four legs contains a simple screw jack with a thrust bearing that is operated telescopically inside of two tubes".
tellingly in a telling manner; "the plain manner of its style all the more tellingly points up the horror of the case".
tendentiously in a tendentious manner; "the paper reported rather tendentiously on the war atrocities".
tenderly with tenderness; in a tender manner; "tenderly she placed her arms round him".
theologically in a theological manner; "he dealt with the problem of evil theologically, not philosophically".
thermostatically by thermostat; in a thermostatic manner; "the temperature is thermostatically controlled".
thirstily in a thirsty manner; "we drank thirstily from the bottle that was passed around".
thriftily in a thrifty manner; "a used towel that he had used and had left thriftily on the ledge below the mirror rather than consign to the linen basket".
thriftlessly in a thriftless manner; "he lives thriftlessly from day to day".
trepidly timorously in a timorous and trepid manner.
topographically with regard to topography; "the geological environment is the primary factor in determining the character of a country not only topographically but historically".
tortuously in a tortuous manner; "tortuously haggling over the price".
tortuously with twists and turns.
touchily in a touchy manner; "he touchily refused all offers to help".
transitionally as a transitional step or in a transitional manner.
transparently so as to be easily understood or seen through; "his transparently lucid prose"; "his transparently deceitful behavior".
tremulously in a tremulous manner; "the leaves rustled tremulously in the wind".
trenchantly in a vigorous and effective manner; "he defended his client's civil rights trenchantly".
tritely in a trite manner; "tritely expressed emotions".
trivially in a frivolously trivial manner; "trivially motivated requests".
tropically in a tropical manner; "it was tropically hot in the greenhouse".
truculently in a defiantly truculent manner; "the boy looked up truculently at his teacher".
truculently in an aggressively truculent manner; "they strive for security by truculently asserting their own interests".
tumultuously riotously in a tumultuous and riotous manner; "the crowd was demonstrating tumultuously".
turbulently in a turbulent manner; with turbulence; "the river rolls turbulently boiling".
tutorially by tutorials; in a tutorial manner; "undergraduates are better taught tutorially".
unaccountably in an unaccountable manner; "in the book, a tycoon unaccountably becomes the hero's friend".
unchangeably unassailably unalterably immutably in an unalterable and unchangeable manner; "his views were unchangeably fixed".
undisputedly unarguably in an unarguable and undisputed manner; "you write as if this fact whilst inarguably forever condemning me to the ranks of Bohemianism nevertheless earned for me the right of entry into any company".
unassumingly in an unassuming manner; "she is unassumingly skeptical of her own work".
uncannily in an uncanny manner; "uncannily human robots".
uncertainly showing lack of certainty; "he paused uncertainly".
unchivalrously in an unchivalrous and ungallant manner; "unchivalrously, the husbands who had to provide such innocent indulgences eventually began to count the costs".
uncommonly exceptionally; "a common remedy is uncommonly difficult to find".
uncompromisingly in an uncompromising manner.
unwontedly in an unusual manner.
unconcernedly in an unconcerned manner; "war was breaking out in Europe, but she unconcernedly planned for a holiday".
uncontrollably in an uncontrolled manner; "she laughed uncontrollably".
uncouthly in an uncouth manner; "uncouthly, he told stories that made everybody at the table wince".
unctuously smarmily fulsomely in an unctuous manner.
underhandedly underhand slyly and secretly; "Mean revenge, committed underhand"- John Donne; "oldline aristocratic diplomats underhandedly undermined the attempt...to align Germany with the Western democracies"- C.G.Bowers.
uneventfully in an uneventful manner; "the space shuttle landed uneventfully".
ungrammatically in an ungrammatical manner; "this child speaks ungrammatically".
unprecedentedly in an unprecedented manner.
unreservedly without reservation; "I can unreservedly recommend this restaurant!".
unrestrainedly in an unrestrained manner.
unstintingly in an unstinting manner.
unswervingly in a constant and steadfast manner; "an unswervingly loyal man".
unworthily in an unworthy manner.
uprightly honorably in an honorable manner; "he acted honorably".
dishonorably in a dishonorable manner; "he acted dishonorably".
urbanely in an urbane manner; "`I had tea occasionally with the Duke,' said Mr. Eggers urbanely".
usefully in a useful manner; "extra money could be usefully spent on this project".
uselessly in a useless manner; "the furniture was sitting around uselessly".
uxoriously in a loving and uxorious manner; "he kept deferring uxoriously to Mary".
vacantly in a vacant manner; "she was staring vacantly into the room".
valorously valiantly with valor; in a valiant manner; "he fought valiantly until the end".
validly with validity; in a valid manner; "this may not validly be done".
vapidly in a vapid manner; "a vapidly smiling salesman".
vehemently in a vehement manner; "he vehemently denied the accusations against him".
wordily windily verbosely long-windedly in a verbose manner; "she explained her ideas verbosely".
watchfully vigilantly in a watchful manner.
vilely in a vile manner; "his vilely spelt and illiterate letters".
virulently in a virulent manner; "an old woman advanced a few paces to shake her fist virulently in my face".
voluptuously in a shapely and voluptuous manner; "a voluptuously curved woman".
voraciously in an eagerly voracious manner; "she reads voraciously".
vulnerably in a vulnerable manner.
waggishly in a waggish manner.
wantonly in a wanton manner; "the animals were killed wantonly for sport".
wholeheartedly without reserve; without reservation; "he adopted wholeheartedly some of the policies that he had previously criticized".
wholesomely in a wholesome manner; "the papers we found shed some valuable light on this question, wholesomely contradicting all lies".
willfully wilfully in a willful manner; "she had willfully deceived me".
wishfully in a wishful manner; "he wishfully indulged in dreams of fame".
wistfully in a wistful manner; "his sister would have looked beautiful in that dress, he thought wistfully, just like an angel".
witheringly in a withering manner; "guns fired witheringly at the railroad cars".
wittily in a witty manner; "he would wittily chime into our conversation".
wolfishly in the manner of a wolf.
worryingly in a manner to cause worry.
worriedly in a worried manner; "`I wonder what to do,' she said worriedly"; "he paused worriedly before calling the bank".
worthily in a worthy manner; with worthiness.
worthlessly in a worthless manner.
wrathfully in a wrathful manner; "he looked at her, not wrathfully now, but quizzically".
wretchedly in a wretched manner; "`I can't remember who I am,' I said, wretchedly".
youthfully in a youthful manner; "he is still youthfully enthusiastic".
zealously in a zealous manner; "she worked zealously to raise funds for the literacy project".
aloft at or to great height; high up in or into the air; "eagles were soaring aloft"; "dust is whirled aloft".
irreproachably blamelessly in an irreproachable and blameless manner; "she had lived blamelessly until she met this man".
bonnily in a bonny manner.
clammily in a clammy manner.
connubial conjugally in a conjugal manner.
constrainedly in a constrained manner.
coordinately in a coordinated manner.
corruptly corruptedly in a corrupt manner.
defectively in a defective manner; "this machine functions only defectively".
grungily grubbily dingily in a dingy manner.
ramblingly discursively in a rambling manner.
floridly in a florid manner; "floridly figurative prose".
imminently in an imminent manner.
integrally in an integral manner.
martially in a martial manner.
ruggedly in a rugged manner.
shrewishly in a shrewish manner.
in_theory in_principle in_essence with regard to fundamentals although not concerning details; "in principle, we agree".
philosophically with respect to philosophy; "the movement is philosophically indebted to Rousseau".
unquestioningly in an unquestioning manner; "he followed his leader unquestioningly".
acutely in an acute manner; "she pitied her sister acutely"; "acutely aware".
demandingly in a demanding manner; "he became demandingly dominant over the years".
mildly gently in a gentle manner; "he talked gently to the injured animal".
haggardly in a haggard manner; "she looked haggardly out of her tent".
dandily in a dandy manner; "she had shown her talents dandily".
softly in a manner that is pleasing to the senses; "she smiled softly".
immediately near or close by; "he passed immediately behind her".
expansively in an impressively expansive manner; "she managed to live rather expansively on her modest income".
tight closely close in an attentive manner; "he remained close on his guard".
properly by_rights with reason or justice.
fearfully in an alarming manner; "they were fearfully attacked".
calculatingly in a calculating manner; "he looked at her calculatingly".
insignificantly in an insignificant manner; "some people living insignificantly among us".
measuredly deliberately in a deliberate unhurried manner; "she was working deliberately".
heavily in a heavy-footed manner; "he walked heavily up the three flights to his room".
unblinkingly showing no emotion; "the convicted killer listened unblinkingly to the reading of his sentence".
luxuriously in an indulgently luxurious manner; "she sprawled out luxuriously on the sofa".
quaveringly in an unsteady quavering manner; "the man began quaveringly to question the soldier".
very precisely so; "on the very next page"; "he expected the very opposite".
contextually in a manner dependent on context.
polygonally in a polygonal manner.
regimentally in a regimental manner or by regiments.
schismatically in a manner that is schismatic.
viscerally unreasoningly in an unreasoning visceral manner.
loosely in a loose manner; "a union of loosely federated states".
positively so as to be positive; in a positive manner; "she intended her remarks to be interpreted positively".
abaxially in an abaxial manner.
adaxially in an adaxial manner.
adjectivally as an adjective; in an adjectival manner.
affirmatively in an affirmative manner.
canonically in a canonical manner; "the deacon was canonically inducted".
cognitively with regard to cognition; "cognitively skillful".
cursively in a cursive manner.
draggingly in a dragging manner.
eccentrically not symmetrically with respect to the center.
eccentrically in an eccentric or bizarre manner.
endogenously in an endogenous manner.
erotically in an erotic manner.
irritatingly in an irritating manner.
radioactively in a radioactive manner; "radioactively labeled".
recurrently in a recurrent manner.
sidearm in a sidearm manner; "he prefers to throw sidearm".
sinusoidally in a sinusoidal manner.
stably in a stable unchanging manner; "the death rate in Russia has been stably high".
suggestively in a suggestive manner; "she smiled suggestively".
synergistically (of drugs or muscles) in a synergistic or interactive manner.
synergistically (of group) in a synergistic or cooperative manner.
synonymously in a synonymous manner; "the two terms are used synonymously".
taxonomically with regard to taxonomy; "closely related taxonomically".
ulteriorly in an ulterior manner.
vexatiously in a vexatious manner.
wrongfully in an unjust or unfair manner; "the employee claimed that she was wrongfully dismissed"; "people who were wrongfully imprisoned should be released".
respire undergo the biomedical and metabolic processes of respiration by taking up oxygen and producing carbon monoxide.
bungle spoil by behaving clumsily or foolishly; "I bungled it!".
practice_bundling bundle sleep fully clothed in the same bed with one's betrothed.
doss_down doss crash3 sleep in a convenient place; "You can crash here, though it's not very comfortable".
waken wake_up wake rouse awaken arouse cause to become awake or conscious; "He was roused by the drunken men in the street"; "Please wake me at 6 AM.".
tranquillize tranquillise tranquilize sedate calm cause to be calm or quiet as by administering a sedative to; "The patient must be sedated before the operation".
stimulate perk_up energize energise brace arouse cause to be alert and energetic; "Coffee and tea stimulate me"; "This herbal infusion doesn't stimulate".
vivify revivify revive repair renovate recreate reanimate quicken animate give new life or energy to; "A hot soup will revive me"; "This will renovate my spirits"; "This treatment repaired my health".
vegetate vege_out engage in passive relaxation; "After a hard day's work, I vegetate in front of the television".
spread-eagle stretch out completely; "They spread-eagled him across the floor".
reinvigorate invigorate impart vigor, strength, or vitality to; "Exercise is invigorating".
smirk simper smile affectedly or derisively.
roar howl laugh unrestrainedly and heartily.
sneer smile contemptuously; "she sneered at her little sister's efforts to play the song on the piano".
stare fixate one's eyes; "The ancestor in the painting is staring down menacingly".
blow free of obstruction by blowing air through; "blow one's nose".
scrub_up scrub wash thoroughly; "surgeons must scrub prior to an operation".
disentangle comb_out comb smoothen and neaten with or as with a comb; "comb your hair before dinner"; "comb the wool".
set5 dress6 do2 coiffure coiffe coif arrange arrange attractively; "dress my hair for the wedding".
tease fluff ruffle (one's hair) by combing the ends towards the scalp, for a full effect.
clean_up make oneself clean, presentable or neat; "Clean up before you go to the party".
make_up apply make-up or cosmetics to one's face to appear prettier; "She makes herself up every morning".
floss use dental floss to clean; "floss your teeth after every meal".
manicure trim carefully and neatly; "manicure fingernails".
dress_up dress dress in a certain manner; "She dresses in the latest Paris fashion"; "he dressed up in a suit and tie".
prim_up prim_out prim dress primly.
prink dress very carefully and in a finicky manner.
round flesh_out fill_out become round, plump, or shapely; "The young woman is fleshing out".
try_on try put on a garment in order to see whether it fits and looks nice; "Try on this sweater to see how it looks".
slip_off take off with ease or speed; "She slipped off her jacket".
cross-fertilize cross-fertilise undergo cross-fertilization; become fertile.
propagate multiply sexually or asexually.
vegetate propagate asexually; "The bacterial growth vegetated along".
pullulate breed freely and abundantly.
carry_to_term carry out a pregnancy; "She decided to carry the child to term, even though the foetus was shown to be defective".
antisepticize disinfect with an antiseptic; "The animals were antisepticized by the veterinarian before the operation".
irritate excite to an abnormal condition, or chafe or inflame; "Aspirin irritates my stomach".
soothe cause to feel better; "the medicine soothes the pain of the inflammation".
relieve palliate assuage alleviate provide physical relief, as from pain; "This pill will relieve your headaches".
be_well be healthy; feel good; "She has not been well lately".
weary wear_upon wear_out wear_down wear tire_out tire outwear jade fatigue fag_out fag exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress; "We wore ourselves out on this hike".
wash_up tucker_out tucker exhaust beat3 wear out completely; "This kind of work exhausts me"; "I'm beat"; "He was all washed up after the exam".
strangle choke constrict (someone's) throat and keep from breathing.
freeze be cold; "I could freeze to death in this office when the air conditioning is turned on".
detoxify detox treat for alcohol or drug dependence; "He was detoxified in the clinic".
nurse try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury; "He nursed his cold with Chinese herbs".
heal cure bring_around provide a cure for, make healthy again; "The treatment cured the boy's acne"; "The quack pretended to heal patients but never managed to".
remedy relieve provide relief for; "remedy his illness".
poultice plaster dress by covering with a therapeutic substance.
medicine medicate treat medicinally, treat with medicine.
infuse introduce into the body through a vein, for therapeutic purposes; "Some physiologists infuses sugar solutions into the veins of animals".
disinfect destroy microorganisms or pathogens by cleansing; "disinfect a wound".
infect communicate a disease to; "Your children have infected you with this head cold".
recuperate restore to good health or strength.
revitalize regenerate restore strength; "This food revitalized the patient".
heal get healthy again; "The wound is healing slowly".
run_out run_down poop_out peter_out conk_out use up all one's strength and energy and stop working; "At the end of the march, I pooped out".
tone_up tone strengthen give a healthy elasticity to; "Let's tone our muscles".
sputter splutter spit_out spit up in an explosive manner.