joke jest act in a funny or teasing way.
feel be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional state; "My cold is gone--I feel fine today"; "She felt tired after the long hike"; "She felt sad after her loss".
feel_like_a_million_dollars feel_like_a_million be in excellent health and spirits; "he feels like a million after he got the promotion".
change undergo a change; become different in essence; losing one's or its original nature; "She changed completely as she grew older"; "The weather changed last night".
convert change the nature, purpose, or function of something; "convert lead into gold"; "convert hotels into jails"; "convert slaves to laborers".
keep_up keep_abreast follow6 keep informed; "He kept up on his country's foreign policies".
differentiate become distinct and acquire a different character.
differentiate become different during development; "cells differentiate".
sensualize sensualise carnalize carnalise debase through carnal gratification.
barbarize barbarise become crude or savage or barbaric in behavior or language.
touch_on touch impact bear_upon bear_on affect have an effect upon; "Will the new rules affect me?".
strike_a_blow affect adversely; "The court ruling struck a blow at the old segregation laws".
redound have an effect for good or ill; "Her efforts will redound to the general good".
turn_the_tide turn_the_tables cause a complete reversal of the circumstances; "The tables are turned now that the Republicans are in power!".
crystallize crystallise crystalize crystalise cause to take on a definite and clear shape; "He tried to crystallize his thoughts".
scollop scallop shape or cut in scallops; "scallop the hem of the dress".
purse contract one's lips into a rounded shape.
fall_in_love begin to experience feelings of love towards; "She fell in love with her former student".
reconstruct cause somebody to adapt or reform socially or politically.
taper diminish gradually; "Interested tapered off".
rise go_up climb increase in value or to a higher point; "prices climbed steeply"; "the value of our house rose sharply last year".
rise1 jump climb_up rise in rank or status; "Her new novel jumped high on the bestseller list".
add_to have an increased effect; "This adds to my worries".
dissimilate become dissimilar by changing the sound qualities; "These consonants dissimilate".
exchange convert commute change exchange or replace with another, usually of the same kind or category; "Could you convert my dollars into pounds?"; "He changed his name"; "convert centimeters into inches"; "convert holdings into shares".
renovate refurbish freshen_up make brighter and prettier; "we refurbished the guest wing"; "My wife wants us to renovate".
restitute renovate restore to a previous or better condition; "They renovated the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel".
vitalize vitalise make more lively or vigorous; "The treatment at the spa vitalized the old man".
renew reincarnate cause to appear in a new form; "the old product was reincarnated to appeal to a younger market".
straighten_out see_the_light reform change for the better; "The lazy student promised to reform"; "the habitual cheater finally saw the light".
surge see one's performance improve; "He levelled the score and then surged ahead".
revive be brought back to life, consciousness, or strength; "Interest in ESP revived".
enrich make better or improve in quality; "The experience enriched her understanding"; "enriched foods".
round_out fill_out make bigger or better or more complete.
optimize optimise make optimal; get the most out of; use best; "optimize your resources".
clear_up clear4 free (the throat) by making a rasping sound; "Clear the throat".
deaden blunt make less lively, intense, or vigorous; impair in vigor, force, activity, or sensation; "Terror blunted her feelings"; "deaden a sound".
obtund reduce the edge or violence of; "obtunded reflexes".
pep_up juice_up jazz_up ginger_up make more interesting or lively; "juice up a party"; "pep up your paper".
liven_up liven invigorate enliven animate make lively; "let's liven up this room a bit".
spirit_up spirit inspirit infuse with spirit; "The company spirited him up".
deaden become lifeless, less lively, intense, or active; lose life, force, or vigor.
right rectify correct make right or correct; "Correct the mistakes"; "rectify the calculation".
tame subdue chasten correct by punishment or discipline.
break_in break2 make submissive, obedient, or useful; "The horse was tough to break"; "I broke in the new intern".
abuse use wrongly or improperly or excessively; "Her husband often abuses alcohol"; "while she was pregnant, she abused drugs".
meliorate improve better ameliorate get better; "The weather improved toward evening".
turn_around pick_up3 improve significantly; go from bad to good; "Her performance in school picked up".
brisken brisk_up brisk become brisk; "business brisked up".
meliorate improve better amend ameliorate to make better; "The editor improved the manuscript with his changes".
turn_around improve dramatically; "The new strategy turned around sales"; "The tutor turned around my son's performance in math".
help improve; change for the better; "New slipcovers will help the old living room furniture".
condition put into a better state; "he conditions old cars".
engage get caught; "make sure the gear is engaged".
disengage become free; "in neutral, the gears disengage".
strengthen gain strength; "His body strengthened".
reinforce reenforce make stronger; "he reinforced the concrete".
buttress make stronger or defensible; "buttress your thesis".
back_up back establish as valid or genuine; "Can you back up your claims?".
collapse lose significance, effectiveness, or value; "The school system is collapsing"; "The stock market collapsed".
melt fade become less clearly visible or distinguishable; disappear gradually or seemingly; "The scene begins to fade"; "The tree trunks are melting into the forest at dusk".
weaken lessen the strength of; "The fever weakened his body".
stultify cripple deprive of strength or efficiency; make useless or worthless; "This measure crippled our efforts"; "Their behavior stultified the boss's hard work".
fan make (an emotion) fiercer; "fan hatred".
enhance make better or more attractive; "This sauce will enhance the flavor of the meat".
die_down die_back suffer from a disease that kills shoots; "The plants near the garage are dying back".
mummify dry_up dry up and shrivel due to complete loss of moisture; "a mummified body was found".
duplicate double increase twofold; "The population doubled within 50 years".
senesce mature maturate get_on age grow old or older; "She aged gracefully"; "we age every day--what a depressing thought!"; "Young men senesce".
turn6 become officially one year older; "She is turning 50 this year".
age begin to seem older; get older; "The death of his wife caused him to age fast".
shape_up progress get_on get_along come_on come_along advance develop in a positive way; "He progressed well in school"; "My plants are coming along"; "Plans are shaping up".
fossilize fossilise become mentally inflexible.
age make older; "The death of his child aged him tremendously".
ripen mature cause to ripen or develop fully; "The sun ripens the fruit"; "Age matures a good wine".
incubate grow under conditions that promote development.
melt mellow_out mellow become more relaxed, easygoing, or genial; "With age, he mellowed".
inflate billow balloon become inflated; "The sails ballooned".
reflate become inflated again.
devastate overwhelm or overpower; "He was devastated by his grief when his son died".
inflate expand blow_up amplify exaggerate or make bigger; "The charges were inflated".
get_well get_over bounce_back improve in health; "He got well fast".
relapse get_worse deteriorate in health; "he relapsed".
sensitize sensitise sensify sensibilize sensibilise make sensitive or aware; "He was not sensitized to her emotional needs".
deep-dye dye thoroughly.
blush become rosy or reddish; "her cheeks blushed in the cold winter air".
cut_short curtail clip terminate or abbreviate before its intended or proper end or its full extent; "My speech was cut short"; "Personal freedom is curtailed in many countries".
prettify fancify embellish beautify make more beautiful.
uglify make ugly.
window-dress dress_up make something appear superficially attractive; "The researcher tried to dress up the uninteresting data"; "Don't try to dress up the unpleasant truth".
unfold blossom_out blossom_forth blossom develop or come to a promising stage; "Youth blossomed into maturity".
tittivate titivate spruce_up spruce spiff_up smarten_up slick_up make neat, smart, or trim; "Spruce up your house for Spring"; "titivate the child".
untune cause to be out of tune; "Don't untune that string!".
graduate fine-tune calibrate make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring; "calibrate an instrument"; "graduate a cylinder".
tune_up tune adjust for (better) functioning; "tune the engine".
set3 correct adjust alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard; "Adjust the clock, please"; "correct the alignment of the front wheels".
adjust make correspondent or conformable; "Adjust your eyes to the darkness".
pitch2 gear set the level or character of; "She pitched her speech to the teenagers in the audience".
adapt accommodate make fit for, or change to suit a new purpose; "Adapt our native cuisine to the available food resources of the new country".
capacitate make capable; "This instruction capacitates us to understand the problem".
tame reclaim domesticize domesticise domesticate overcome the wildness of; make docile and tractable; "He tames lions for the circus"; "reclaim falcons".
go_off be discharged or activated; "the explosive devices went off".
recrudesce erupt break_out become raw or open; "He broke out in hives"; "My skin breaks out when I eat strawberries"; "Such boils tend to recrudesce".
thrive flourish expand boom grow vigorously; "The deer population in this town is thriving"; "business is booming".
boost give a boost to; be beneficial to; "The tax cut will boost the economy".
size make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
cook transform and make suitable for consumption by heating; "These potatoes have to cook for 20 minutes".
seethe roll6 boil vigorously; "The liquid was seething"; "The water rolled".
deep-fat-fry fry in deep fat; "deep-fry the potato chips".
stir_fry fry very quickly over high heat; "stir-fry the vegetables in a wok".
twig branch out in a twiglike manner; "The lightning bolt twigged in several directions".
chap crack due to dehydration; "My lips chap in this dry weather".
craze develop a fine network of cracks; "Crazed ceramics".
result come about or follow as a consequence; "nothing will result from this meeting".
go_over go_off come_off happen in a particular manner; "how did your talk go over?".
auspicate commence in a manner calculated to bring good luck; "They auspicated the trip with a bottle of champagne".
kill5 destroy a vitally essential quality of or in; "Eating artichokes kills the taste of all other foods".
demist defog free from mist; "demist the car windows".
interrupt break terminate; "She interrupted her pregnancy"; "break a lucky streak"; "break the cycle of poverty".
condense develop due to condensation; "All our planets condensed out of the same material".
warm_up warm get warm or warmer; "The soup warmed slowly on the stove".
transmute alter the nature of (elements).
enervate weaken mentally or morally.
suffocate choke1 suppress the development, creativity, or imagination of; "His job suffocated him".
dull make less lively or vigorous; "Middle age dulled her appetite for travel".
melt meld lose its distinct outline or shape; blend gradually; "Hundreds of actors were melting into the scene".
refine make more precise or increase the discriminatory powers of; "refine a method of analysis"; "refine the constant in the equation".
provide take measures in preparation for; "provide for the proper care of the passengers on the cruise ship".
slacken remit make slack as by lessening tension or firmness.
wither fade lose freshness, vigor, or vitality; "Her bloom was fading".
manifest reveal its presence or make an appearance; "the ghost manifests each year on the same day".
turn_up surface show_up come_out come_on appear or become visible; make a showing; "She turned up at the funeral"; "I hope the list key is going to surface again".
fulminate come on suddenly and intensely; "the disease fulminated".
turn_out come, usually in answer to an invitation or summons; "How many people turned out that evening?".
emerge become known or apparent; "Some nice results emerged from the study".
maximize maximise make as big or large as possible; "Maximize your profits!".
trim_down trim_back trim reduce cut_down cut_back cut bring_down cut down on; make a reduction in; "reduce your daily fat intake"; "The employer wants to cut back health benefits".
slash cut drastically; "Prices were slashed".
shoot_up rise dramatically; "Prices shot up overnight".
specialize specialise suit to a special purpose; "specialize one's research"; "this kind of beak has become specialized in certain Galapagos finches".
diminish belittle lessen the authority, dignity, or reputation of; "don't belittle your colleagues".
complete bring to a whole, with all the necessary parts or elements; "A child would complete the family".
hold_up detain delay cause to be slowed down or delayed; "Traffic was delayed by the bad weather"; "she delayed the work that she didn't want to perform".
realine realign align anew or better; "The surgeon realigned my jaw after the accident".
ordinate coordinate align bring (components or parts) into proper or desirable coordination correlation; "align the wheels of my car"; "ordinate similar parts".
sparkle scintillate coruscate be lively or brilliant or exhibit virtuosity; "The musical performance sparkled"; "A scintillating conversation"; "his playing coruscated throughout the concert hall".
refine polish fine-tune down improve or perfect by pruning or polishing; "refine one's style of writing".
sanctify purify purge make pure or free from sin or guilt; "he left the monastery purified".
purify become clean or pure or free of guilt and sin; "The hippies came to the ashram in order to purify".
strain distort deform alter the shape of (something) by stress; "His body was deformed by leprosy".
jaundice distort adversely; "Jealousy had jaundiced his judgment".
harmonize harmonise chord bring into consonance, harmony, or accord while making music or singing.
reconcile conciliate accommodate make (one thing) compatible with (another); "The scientists had to accommodate the new results with the existing theories".
proportion give pleasant proportions to; "harmonize a building with those surrounding it".
polarize polarise cause to vibrate in a definite pattern; "polarize light waves".
glorify cause to seem more splendid; "You are glorifying a rather mediocre building".
gauge measure precisely and against a standard; "the wire is gauged".
decontaminate rid of contamination; "The soil around the housing development had to be decontaminated by the city".
saturate impregnate infuse or fill completely; "Impregnate the cloth with alcohol".
charge5 saturate; "The room was charged with tension and anxiety".
tincture instill infuse impregnate fill, as with a certain quality; "The heavy traffic tinctures the air with carbon monoxide".
denazify free from Nazi ideology or detach from Nazi allegiance; "Germany was denazified after WW II"; "The highest judges were never denazified".
fertilize fertilise fecundate make fertile or productive; "The course fertilized her imagination".
fructify make productive or fruitful; "The earth that he fructified".
fructify become productive or fruitful; "The seeds fructified".
spot mark with a spot or spots so as to allow easy recognition; "spot the areas that one should clearly identify".
enable render capable or able for some task; "This skill will enable you to find a job on Wall Street"; "The rope enables you to secure yourself when you climb the mountain".
play_down downplay background understate the importance or quality of; "he played down his royal ancestry".
destress de-emphasize de-emphasise reduce the emphasis.
facilitate ease alleviate make easier; "you could facilitate the process by sharing your knowledge".
mystify make mysterious; "mystify the story".
demystify make less mysterious or remove the mystery from; "let's demystify the event by explaining what it is all about".
sweeten make sweeter, more pleasant, or more agreeable; "sweeten a deal".
take_effect go into effect or become effective or operative; "The new law will take effect next month".
camp give an artificially banal or sexual quality to.
classicize classicise make classic or classical.
dun cure by salting; "dun codfish".
delouse free of lice; "They deloused the prisoners after they liberated the camps".
glamourize glamourise glamorize glamorise make glamorous and attractive; "This new wallpaper really glamorizes the living room!".
sole resole put a new sole on; "sole the shoes".
sauce add zest or flavor to, make more interesting; "sauce the roast".
superannuate retire or become ineligible because of old age or infirmity.
pall dull become less interesting or attractive.
extend expand expand the influence of; "The King extended his rule to the Eastern part of the continent".
wash_out deplete of strength or vitality; "The illness washed her out".
bring_home make understandable and clear; "This brings home my point".
raise2 lift0 elevate raise in rank or condition; "The new law lifted many people from poverty".
exalt raise in rank, character, or status; "exalted the humble shoemaker to the rank of King's adviser".
deify exalt to the position of a God; "the people deified their King".
evolve develop acquire gain through experience; "I acquired a strong aversion to television"; "Children must develop a sense of right and wrong"; "Dave developed leadership qualities in his new position"; "develop a passion for painting".
assibilate change into a sibilant; "In the syllable /si/, the /s/ sibilates in Japanese".
return come_back be restored; "Her old vigor returned".
raise5 lift invigorate or heighten; "lift my spirits"; "lift his ego".
deepen change become deeper in tone; "His voice began to change when he was 12 years old"; "Her voice deepened when she whispered the password".
break2 change suddenly from one tone quality or register to another; "Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children".
subtilize sublimate rarefy make more subtle or refined.
shift change in quality; "His tone shifted".
swing alternate dramatically between high and low values; "his mood swings"; "the market is swinging up and down".
advance develop further; "We are advancing technology every day".
salt add zest or liveliness to; "She salts her lectures with jokes".
cut2 shorten as if by severing the edges or ends of; "cut my hair".
fall7 be cast down; "his eyes fell".
make6 favor the development of; "Practice makes the winner".
deflate reduce or cut back the amount or availability of, creating a decline in value or prices; "deflate the currency".
initialize initialise format divide (a disk) into marked sectors so that it may store data; "Please format this disk before entering data!".
womanize feminize feminise effeminize effeminise to give a (more) feminine, effeminate, or womanly quality or appearance to; "This hairdo feminizes the man".
defervesce experience an abatement of a fever.
incandesce cause to become incandescent or glow; "the lamp was incandesced".
novate replace with something new, especially an old obligation by a new one.
opsonize make (cells) more susceptible to the action of phagocytes.
recommend make attractive or acceptable; "Honesty recommends any person".
rejuvenate develop youthful topographical features; "the land rejuvenated".
sentimentalize sentimentalise make (someone or something) sentimental or imbue with sentimental qualities; "Too much poetry sentimentalizes the mind"; "These experiences have sentimentalized her".
unsanctify remove the sanctification from or make unsanctified.
vulgarize vulgarise debase and make vulgar; "The Press has vulgarized Love and Marriage".
upgrade give better travel conditions to; "The airline upgraded me when I arrived late and Coach Class was full".
upgrade get better travel conditions; "I upgraded to First Class when Coach Class was overbooked".
savvy grok grasp get_the_picture dig comprehend compass apprehend get the meaning of something; "Do you comprehend the meaning of this letter?".
understand know and comprehend the nature or meaning of; "She did not understand her husband"; "I understand what she means".
follow3 grasp the meaning; "Can you follow her argument?"; "When he lectures, I cannot follow".
get7 catch8 grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of; "did you catch that allusion?"; "We caught something of his theory in the lecture"; "don't catch your meaning"; "did you get it?"; "She didn't get the joke"; "I just don't get him".
figure understand; "He didn't figure her".
digest arrange and integrate in the mind; "I cannot digest all this information".
sink_in penetrate get_through get_across fall_into_place dawn come_home click become clear or enter one's consciousness or emotions; "It dawned on him that she had betrayed him"; "she was penetrated with sorrow".
resonate come_across be received or understood.
strike_a_chord create an emotional response; "The music struck a chord with the listeners".
take_account appreciate be fully aware of; realize fully; "Do you appreciate the full meaning of this letter?".
do_justice show due and full appreciation; "The diners did the food and wine justice".
expect consider reasonable or due; "I'm expecting a full explanation as to why these files were destroyed".
understand sympathize sympathise empathize empathise be understanding of; "You don't need to explain--I understand!".
ignore be ignorant of or in the dark about.
know be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt; "I know that I left the key on the table"; "Galileo knew that the earth moves around the sun".
know have fixed in the mind; "I know Latin"; "This student knows her irregular verbs"; "Do you know the poem well enough to recite it?".
know_what's_what know_what's_going_on know_the_score be_with_it be_on_the_ball be well-informed.
master get_the_hang be or become completely proficient or skilled in; "She mastered Japanese in less than two years".
wise_up get wise to; "They wised up to it".
wise_up cause someone to become aware of something.
occupy engross engage absorb consume all of one's attention or time; "Her interest in butterflies absorbs her completely".
consume engage fully; "The effort to pass the exam consumed all his energy".
take_in ingest assimilate absorb take up mentally; "he absorbed the knowledge or beliefs of his tribe".
imbibe receive into the mind and retain; "Imbibe ethical principles".
retrain teach new skills; "We must retrain the linguists who cannot find employment".
infect affect in a contagious way; "His laughter infects everyone who is in the same room".
drill teach by repetition.
know1 perceive as familiar; "I know this voice!".
know0 be able to distinguish, recognize as being different; "The child knows right from wrong".
know know the nature or character of; "we all knew her as a big show-off".
think2 be capable of conscious thought; "Man is the only creature that thinks".
spring_to_mind come_to_mind be remembered; "His name comes to mind when you mention the strike".
mind bear_in_mind keep in mind.
think_of remember keep in mind for attention or consideration; "Remember the Alamo"; "Remember to call your mother every day!"; "Think of the starving children in India!".
retain keep in one's mind; "I cannot retain so much information".
forget bury dismiss from the mind; stop remembering; "I tried to bury these unpleasant memories".
recognize recognise perceive to be the same.
receive3 regard favorably or with disapproval; "Her new collection of poems was not well received".
read0 to hear and understand; "I read you loud and clear!".
read_between_the_lines read what is implied but not expressed on the surface.
dip_into read selectively; read only certain passages from a text.
trace decipher read with difficulty; "Can you decipher this letter?"; "The archeologist traced the hieroglyphs".
scry divine by gazing into crystals.
skim_over skim read superficially.
proofread proof read for errors; "I should proofread my manuscripts".
rationalize rationalise think rationally; employ logic or reason; "When one wonders why one is doing certain things, one should rationalize".
think1 have or formulate in the mind; "think good thoughts".
philosophize philosophise reason philosophically.
brainstorm try to solve a problem by thinking intensely about it.
think suppose reckon opine imagine guess expect, believe, or suppose; "I imagine she earned a lot of money with her new novel"; "I thought to find her in a bad state"; "he didn't think to find her in the kitchen"; "I guess she is angry at me for standing her up".
reason think logically; "The children must learn to reason".
ratiocinate reason methodologically and logically.
theorize theorise suppose speculate hypothesize hypothesise hypothecate conjecture to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds; "Scientists supposed that large dinosaurs lived in swamps".
retrace reconstruct construct reassemble mentally; "reconstruct the events of 20 years ago".
cinch get a grip on; get mastery of.
answer give the correct answer or solution to; "answer a question"; "answer the riddle".
anatomize analyze down to the smallest detail; "This writer anatomized the depth of human behavior".
name diagnose determine or distinguish the nature of a problem or an illness through a diagnostic analysis.
explore examine minutely.
plumb examine thoroughly and in great depth.
subtilize mark fine distinctions and subtleties, as among words.
syllogize syllogise reason by syllogisms.
score mark4 grade assign a grade or rank to, according to one's evaluation; "grade tests"; "score the SAT essays"; "mark homework".
superordinate place in a superior order or rank; "These two notions are superordinated to a third".
upgrade rate higher; raise in value or esteem.
contrast put in opposition to show or emphasize differences; "The middle school teacher contrasted her best student's work with that of her weakest student".
contradistinguish distinguish by contrasting qualities.
suss_out look_into go_over check_up_on check_over check_out check_into check examine so as to determine accuracy, quality, or condition; "check the brakes"; "Check out the engine".
control verify by using a duplicate register for comparison; "control an account".
spot-check pick out random samples for examination in order to ensure high quality.
verify confirm the truth of; "Please verify that the doors are closed"; "verify a claim".
show shew prove establish demonstrate establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment; "The experiment demonstrated the instability of the compound"; "The mathematician showed the validity of the conjecture".
prove_oneself show one's ability or courage.
sell_short underestimate the real value or ability of; "Don't sell your students short--they are just shy and don't show off their knowledge".
underestimate lowball make a deliberately low estimate; "The construction company wanted the contract badly and lowballed".
approve judge to be right or commendable; think well of.
rubberstamp approve automatically.
skim_off cream_off pick the best.
book engage for a performance; "Her agent had booked her for several concerts in Tokyo".
predetermine bias cause to be biased.
assess estimate the value of (property) for taxation; "Our house hasn't been assessed in years".
bethink consider or ponder something carefully; "She bethought her of their predicament".
believe accept as true; take to be true; "I believed his report"; "We didn't believe his stories from the War"; "She believes in spirits".
buy accept as true; "I can't buy this story".
credit have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
believe credit with veracity; "You cannot believe this man"; "Should we believe a publication like the National Enquirer?".
winnow_out rule_out reject eliminate dismiss from consideration or a contest; "John was ruled out as a possible suspect because he had a strong alibi"; "This possibility can be eliminated from our consideration".
accept consider or hold as true; "I cannot accept the dogma of this church"; "accept an argument".
receive accept as true or valid; "He received Christ".
approbate accept (documents) as valid.
doubt lack confidence in or have doubts about; "I doubt these reports"; "I suspect her true motives"; "she distrusts her stepmother".
trust swear rely bank have confidence or faith in; "We can trust in God"; "Rely on your friends"; "bank on your good education"; "I swear by my grandmother's recipes".
think0 dispose the mind in a certain way; "Do you really think so?".
feel have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction to someone's behavior or attitude; "She felt small and insignificant"; "You make me feel naked"; "I made the students feel different about themselves".
view see regard reckon consider deem to be; "She views this quite differently from me"; "I consider her to be shallow"; "I don't see the situation quite as negatively as you do".
consider regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem; "Please consider your family".
call7 consider or regard as being; "I would not call her beautiful".
like feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard; "How did you like the President's speech last night?".
favour favor consider as the favorite; "The local team was favored".
view_as take_for hold deem keep in mind or convey as a conviction or view; "take for granted"; "view as important"; "hold these truths to be self-evident"; "I hold him personally responsible".
value respect prize prise esteem regard highly; think much of; "I respect his judgement"; "We prize his creativity".
think_the_world_of esteem very highly; "She thinks the world of her adviser".
undervalue esteem lightly.
assay analyze (chemical substances).
overvalue overestimate assign too high a value to; "You are overestimating the value of your old car".
make3 consider as being; "It wasn't the problem some people made it".
carry_weight have influence to a specified degree; "Her opinion carries a lot of weight".
predestine predestinate foreordain foreordain by divine will or decree.
shoot_for draw_a_bead_on aspire aim have an ambitious plan or a lofty goal.
overshoot aim too high; "The plan overshoots its aim".
offer put forward for consideration; "He offered his opinion".
toy_with think_of think_about flirt_with entertain take into consideration, have in view; "He entertained the notion of moving to South America".
reckon look0 depend count calculate bet have faith or confidence in; "you can count on me to help you any time"; "Look to your friends for support"; "You can bet on that!"; "Depend on your family in times of crisis".
dissociate decouple regard as unconnected; "you must dissociate these two events!"; "decouple our foreign policy from ideology".
free-associate associate freely; "Let's associate freely to bring up old memories".
find feel come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds; "I feel that he doesn't like me"; "I find him to be obnoxious"; "I found the movie rather entertaining".
specify pin_down peg_down narrow_down narrow nail_down define clearly; "I cannot narrow down the rules for this game".
concretize make something concrete.
suppose presuppose require as a necessary antecedent or precondition; "This step presupposes two prior ones".
insist assert assert to be true; "The letter asserts a free society".
respond respond favorably or as hoped; "The cancer responded to the aggressive therapy".
accept react favorably to; consider right and proper; "People did not accept atonal music at that time"; "We accept the idea of universal health care".
trust believe be confident about something; "I believe that he will come back from the war".
rivet pore focus concentrate centre center direct one's attention on something; "Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies".
think_of choose in one's mind; "Think of any integer between 1 and 25".
occur come7 come to one's mind; suggest itself; "It occurred to me that we should hire another secretary"; "A great idea then came to her".
set_aside reserve earmark appropriate allow give or assign a resource to a particular person or cause; "I will earmark this money for your research"; "She sets aside time for meditation every day".
mind be concerned with or about something or somebody.
mind beware be on one's guard; be cautious or wary about; be alert to; "Beware of telephone salesmen".
dazzle amaze or bewilder, as with brilliant wit or intellect or skill; "Her arguments dazzled everyone"; "The dancer dazzled the audience with his turns and jumps".
surprise cause to be surprised; "The news really surprised me".
recognize recognise realize realise agnize agnise be fully aware or cognizant of.
wonder inquire enquire have a wish or desire to know something; "He wondered who had built this beautiful church".
misgive suggest fear or doubt; "Her heart misgave her that she had acted inexcusably".
believe_in have a firm conviction as to the goodness of something; "John believes in oat bran".
think_about have on one's mind, think about actively; "I'm thinking about my friends abroad"; "She always thinks about her children first".
plant implant put firmly in the mind; "Plant a thought in the students' minds".
awaken make aware; "They were awakened to the sad facts".
keep_note maintain in the forefront of one's awareness; "He kept note of the location of the soldiers".
take_one's_lumps get_one's_lumps suffer the results or consequences of one's behavior or actions.
think decide by pondering, reasoning, or reflecting; "Can you think what to do next?".
calibrate measure the caliber of; "calibrate a gun".
acknowledge accept as legally binding and valid; "acknowledge the deed".
yak gab talk profusely; "she was yakking away about her grandchildren".
shrug_off minimize the importance of, brush aside; "Jane shrugged off the news that her stock had fallen 3 points".
thrust force impose urgently, importunately, or inexorably; "She forced her diet fads on him".
talk_down direct and control (the flight of an airplane during landing) via radio; "the control tower talked down the plane whose pilot fell ill".
require expect ask consider obligatory; request and expect; "We require our secretary to be on time"; "Aren't we asking too much of these children?"; "I expect my students to arrive in time for their lessons".
supplicate ask for humbly or earnestly, as in prayer; "supplicate God's blessing".
agree consent or assent to a condition, or agree to do something; "She agreed to all my conditions"; "He agreed to leave her alone".
hustle pressure or urge someone into an action.
blaze_away speak with fire and passion; "He blazed away at his opponents in the Senate".
wheedle sweet-talk palaver inveigle coax cajole blarney influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering; "He palavered her into going along".
elocute declaim in an elocutionary manner; "The poet elocuted beautifully".
win_over convince convert make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something; "He had finally convinced several customers of the advantages of his product".
brainwash persuade completely, often through coercion; "The propaganda brainwashed many people".
give9 guide or direct, as by behavior of persuasion; "You gave me to think that you agreed with me".
scrap quarrel dispute argufy altercate have a disagreement over something; "We quarreled over the question as to who discovered America"; "These two fellows are always scrapping over something".
fall_out have a breach in relations; "We fell out over a trivial question".
assure assure somebody of the truth of something with the intention of giving the listener confidence; "I assured him that traveling to Cambodia was safe".
spellbind mesmerize mesmerise magnetize magnetise bewitch attract strongly, as if with a magnet; "She magnetized the audience with her tricks".
solicit hook2 accost approach with an offer of sexual favors; "he was solicited by a prostitute"; "The young man was caught soliciting in the park".
seduce lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct; "She was seduced by the temptation of easy money and started to work in a massage parlor".
drag0 persuade to come away from something attractive or interesting; "He dragged me away from the television set".
lead_on entice or induce especially when unwise or mistaken.
question query pose a question.
probe examine question or examine thoroughly and closely.
puff speak in a blustering or scornful manner; "A puffing kind of man".
go_for consent accept give an affirmative reply to; respond favorably to; "I cannot accept your invitation"; "I go for this resolution".
settle2 accept despite lack of complete satisfaction; "We settled for a lower price".
renegue_on renege_on renege go_back_on fail to fulfill a promise or obligation; "She backed out of her promise".
bracket_out bracket place into brackets; "Please bracket this remark".
yield3 succumb knuckle_under give_in buckle_under consent reluctantly.
yield grant concede be willing to concede; "I grant you this much".
sanction give religious sanction to, such as through on oath; "sanctify the marriage".
shun eschew avoid and stay away from deliberately; stay clear of.
blaspheme speak of in an irreverent or impious manner; "blaspheme God".
field answer adequately or successfully; "The lawyer fielded all questions from the press".
admit acknowledge declare to be true or admit the existence or reality or truth of; "He admitted his errors"; "She acknowledged that she might have forgotten".
profess practice as a profession, teach, or claim to be knowledgeable about; "She professes organic chemistry".
attest authenticate, affirm to be true, genuine, or correct, as in an official capacity; "I attest this signature".
declare state firmly; "He declared that he was innocent".
reflect give evidence of the quality of; "The mess in his dorm room reflects on the student".
reflect give evidence of a certain behavior; "His lack of interest in the project reflects badly on him".
mirror reflect or resemble; "The plane crash in Milan mirrored the attack in the World Trade Center".
certify declare legally insane.
negate contravene contradict deny the truth of.
reprehend express strong disapproval of.
deplore express strong disapproval of; "We deplore the government's treatment of political prisoners".
troll praise or celebrate in song; "All tongues shall troll you".
preach advocate speak, plead, or argue in favor of; "The doctor advocated a smoking ban in the entire house".
sermonize sermonise preachify moralize moralise speak as if delivering a sermon; express moral judgements; "This man always sermonizes".
pontificate talk in a dogmatic and pompous manner; "The new professor always pontificates".
teach learn instruct impart skills or knowledge to; "I taught them French"; "He instructed me in building a boat".
mentor serve as a teacher or trusted counselor; "The famous professor mentored him during his years in graduate school"; "She is a fine lecturer but she doesn't like mentoring".
instruct apprize apprise make aware of; "Have the students been apprised of the tuition hike?".
tergiversate prevaricate palter equivocate beat_around_the_bush be deliberately ambiguous or unclear in order to mislead or withhold information.
bluff frighten someone by pretending to be stronger than one really is.
snow pull_the_wool_over_someone's_eyes play_false lead_by_the_nose hoodwink bamboozle conceal one's true motives from especially by elaborately feigning good intentions so as to gain an end; "He bamboozled his professors into thinking that he knew the subject well".
overstate overdraw magnify hyperbolize hyperbolise exaggerate amplify to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth; "tended to romanticize and exaggerate this `gracious Old South' imagery".
overstress overemphasize overemphasise place special or excessive emphasis on; "I cannot overemphasize the importance of this book".
bear_down pay special attention to; "The lectures bore down on the political background".
understate minimize minimise downplay represent as less significant or important.
charge accuse blame for, make a claim of wrongdoing or misbehavior against; "he charged the director with indifference".
complain make a formal accusation; bring a formal charge; "The plaintiff's lawyer complained that he defendant had physically abused his client".
sully smirch smear slander denigrate defame calumniate besmirch asperse charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone; "The journalists have defamed me!" "The article in the paper sullied my reputation".
blackwash bring (information) out of concealment.
mock imitate with mockery and derision; "The children mocked their handicapped classmate".
joke jest tell a joke; speak humorously; "He often jokes even when he appears serious".
horse_around fool_around fool arse_around indulge in horseplay; "Enough horsing around--let's get back to work!"; "The bored children were fooling about".
undeceive free from deception or illusion.
take_in slang put_one_over put_one_across put_on gull fool dupe cod befool fool or hoax; "The immigrant was duped because he trusted everyone"; "You can't fool me!".
overpraise praise excessively.
crow utter shrill sounds; "The cocks crowed all morning".
triumph rejoice jubilate exult exuberate to express great joy; "Who cannot exult in Spring?".
cheer show approval or good wishes by shouting; "everybody cheered the birthday boy".
chirk_up cheer_up cheer become cheerful.
humour humor put into a good mood.
amuse make (somebody) laugh; "The clown amused the children".
lighten_up lighten buoy_up become more cheerful; "after a glass of wine, he lightened up a bit".
proclaim laud glorify extol exalt praise, glorify, or honor; "extol the virtues of one's children"; "glorify one's spouse's cooking".
ensky exalt to the skies; lift to the skies or to heaven with praise.
herald hail acclaim praise vociferously; "The critics hailed the young pianist as a new Rubinstein".
curse heap obscenities upon; "The taxi driver who felt he didn't get a high enough tip cursed the passenger".
question oppugn call_into_question challenge the accuracy, probity, or propriety of; "We must question your judgment in this matter".
impeach challenge the honesty or veracity of; "the lawyers tried to impeach the credibility of the witnesses".
call_one's_bluff ask to prove what someone is claiming; "John called Mary's bluff when she claimed she could prove the theorem in under an hour".
brazen face with defiance or impudence; "brazen it out".
call0 challenge (somebody) to make good on a statement; charge with or censure for an offense; "He deserves to be called on that".
warn monish discourage admonish admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior; "I warned him not to go too far"; "I warn you against false assumptions"; "She warned him to be quiet".
wake make aware of; "His words woke us to terrible facts of the situation".
call9 require the presentation of for redemption before maturation; "Call a bond".
familiarize familiarise acquaint make familiar or conversant with; "you should acquaint yourself with your new computer"; "We familiarized ourselves with the new surroundings".
verse familiarize through thorough study or experience; "She versed herself in Roman archeology".
get_into familiarize oneself thoroughly with; "He really got into semantics".
throw_out advance bring forward for consideration or acceptance; "advance an argument".
feed_back respond to a query or outcome.
submit subject refer for judgment or consideration; "The lawyers submitted the material to the court".
give8 submit for consideration, judgment, or use; "give one's opinion"; "give an excuse".
put_up put_forward nominate propose as a candidate for some honor.
flatter blandish praise somewhat dishonestly.
adulate flatter in an obsequious manner.
truckle toady suck_up kowtow kotow fawn bootlick try to gain favor by cringing or flattering; "He is always kowtowing to his boss".
curry_favour curry_favor court_favour court_favor seek favor by fawning or flattery; "This employee is currying favor with his superordinates".
congratulate compliment say something to someone that expresses praise; "He complimented her on her last physics paper".
compliment express respect or esteem for.
rave gush praise enthusiastically; "She raved about that new restaurant".
remember commend mention as by way of greeting or to indicate friendship; "Remember me to your wife".
remember mention favorably, as in prayer; "remember me in your prayers".
recommend commend express a good opinion of.
triumph gloat crow dwell on with satisfaction.
oblige accommodate provide a service or favor for someone; "We had to oblige him".
disoblige ignore someone's wishes.
vow consecrate dedicate to a deity by a vow.
dedicate inscribe or address by way of compliment; "She dedicated her book to her parents".
give8 devote dedicate consecrate commit give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause; "She committed herself to the work of God"; "give one's talents to a good cause"; "consecrate your life to the church".
give7 offer in good faith; "He gave her his word".
make1 assure the success of; "A good review by this critic will make your play!".
warrant guarantee stand behind and guarantee the quality, accuracy, or condition of; "The dealer warrants all the cars he sells"; "I warrant this information".
uphold stand up for; stick up for; of causes, principles, or ideals.
legitimate show or affirm to be just and legitimate.
greet send greetings to.
herald hail greet enthusiastically or joyfully.
say_farewell say good-bye or bid farewell.
forgive stop blaming or grant forgiveness; "I forgave him his infidelity"; "She cannot forgive him for forgetting her birthday".
shrive absolve grant remission of a sin to; "The priest absolved him and told him to say ten Hail Mary's".
exonerate exculpate discharge clear8 assoil acquit pronounce not guilty of criminal charges; "The suspect was cleared of the murder charges".
nurture foster help develop, help grow; "nurture his talents".
inveigh declaim speak against in an impassioned manner; "he declaimed against the wasteful ways of modern society".
hollo encourage somebody by crying hollo.
halloo shout `halloo', as when greeting someone or attracting attention.
shrill shriek pipe_up pipe utter a shrill cry.
rhapsodize rhapsodise say (something) with great enthusiasm.
signalize signalise distinguish make conspicuous or noteworthy.
singularize singularise distinguish as singular.
foreshow foretell by divine inspiration.
suspect hold in suspicion; believe to be guilty; "The U.S. suspected Bin Laden as the mastermind behind the terrorist attacks".
wonder marvel be amazed at; "We marvelled at the child's linguistic abilities".
vaticinate prophesy predict or reveal through, or as if through, divine inspiration.
suggest hint drop a hint; intimate by a hint.
intimate insinuate adumbrate give to understand; "I insinuated that I did not like his wife".
suggest paint_a_picture evoke call to mind; "this remark evoked sadness".
imply suggest as a logically necessary consequence; in logic.
suggest intimate imply as a possibility; "The evidence suggests a need for more clarification".
make_out imply or suggest; "Your remarks make me out to be stupid".
predicate connote involve as a necessary condition of consequence; as in logic; "solving the problem is predicated on understanding it well".
refer denote have as a meaning; "`multi-' denotes `many' ".
unmask uncloak reveal the true nature of; "The journal article unmasked the corrupt politician".
moralize moralise interpret the moral meaning of; "moralize a story".
explicate explain make plain and comprehensible; "He explained the laws of physics to his students".
naturalize explain with reference to nature.
elucidate clear_up clarify make clear and (more) comprehensible; "clarify the mystery surrounding her death".
infer deduce conclude by reasoning; in logic.
spiel_off roll_off reel_off rattle_off rattle_down recite volubly or extravagantly; "He could recite the names of all the chemical elements".
weigh count consider show consideration for; take into account; "You must consider her age"; "The judge considered the offender's youth and was lenient".
lilt articulate in a very careful and rhythmic way.
nasalize nasalise pronounce with a lowered velum; "She nasalizes all her vowels".
hype publicize in an exaggerated and often misleading manner.
pad lard embroider embellish dramatize dramatise blow_up aggrandize aggrandise add details to.
talk_down speak in a condescending manner, as if to a child; "He talks down to her".
spiel speak at great length (about something).
smatter speak with spotty or superficial knowledge; "She smatters Russian".
report announce as the result of an investigation or experience or finding; "Dozens of incidents of wife beatings are reported daily in this city"; "The team reported significant advances in their research".
report cover be responsible for reporting the details of, as in journalism; "Snow reported on China in the 1950's"; "The cub reporter covered New York City".
call ascribe a quality to or give a name of a common noun that reflects a quality; "He called me a bastard"; "She called her children lazy and ungrateful".
pronounce label judge pronounce judgment on; "They labeled him unfit to work here".
qualify pronounce fit or able; "She was qualified to run the marathon"; "They nurses were qualified to administer the injections".
headline publicize widely or highly, as if with a headline.
sound_out say pronounce enunciate enounce articulate speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way; "She pronounces French words in a funny way"; "I cannot say `zip wire'"; "Can the child sound out this complicated word?".
syllabize syllabise utter with distinct articulation of each syllable; "The poet syllabized the verses he read".
utter let_out let_loose emit express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); "She let out a big heavy sigh"; "He uttered strange sounds that nobody could understand".
heave utter a sound, as with obvious effort; "She heaved a deep sigh when she saw the list of things to do".
represent2 describe or present, usually with respect to a particular quality; "He represented this book as an example of the Russian 19th century novel".
actualize actualise represent or describe realistically.
dramatize dramatise represent something in a dramatic manner; "These events dramatize the lack of social responsibility among today's youth".
overdramatize overdramatise present in an overly dramatic manner; "She is overdramatizing her child's failure in the physics class".
delineate describe in vivid detail.
disabuse free somebody (from an erroneous belief).
transliterate transcribe rewrite in a different script; "The Sanskrit text had to be transliterated".
countersign add one's signature to after another's to attest authenticity; "You must countersign on this line of the contract".
document record in detail; "The parents documented every step of their child's development".
verify swear swan avow aver assert affirm to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true; "Before God I swear I am innocent".
maintain asseverate assert state categorically.
proclaim predicate affirm or declare as an attribute or quality of; "The speech predicated the fitness of the candidate to be President".
tell assure inform positively and with certainty and confidence; "I tell you that man is a crook!".
instance illustrate exemplify clarify by giving an example of.
name call assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to; "They named their son David"; "The new school was named after the famous Civil Rights leader".
sugarcoat cause to appear more pleasant or appealing; "The mayor did not sugarcoat the reality of the tax cuts".
descant talk at great length about something of one's interest.
swagger bully browbeat discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
wanton engage in amorous play.
visit shoot_the_breeze natter jaw gossip confabulate confab claver chitchat chit-chat chew_the_fat chatter chat chaffer talk socially without exchanging too much information; "the men were sitting in the cafe and shooting the breeze".
whine snivel talk in a tearful manner.
place6 sing a note with the correct pitch.
scan read metrically; "scan verses".
spout rave rant rabbit_on mouth_off jabber talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner.
whirr churr make a vibrant sound, as of some birds.
sibilate utter a sibilant.
sibilate pronounce with an initial sibilant.
mew utter a high-pitched cry, as of seagulls.
pay give convey, as of a compliment, regards, attention, etc.; bestow; "Don't pay him any mind"; "give the orders"; "Give him my best regards"; "pay attention".
set mark0 establish as the highest level or best performance; "set a record".
pooh-pooh express contempt about.
unspell release from a spell.
puff_up puff praise extravagantly; "The critics puffed up this Broadway production".
throw0 hurl utter with force; utter vehemently; "hurl insults"; "throw accusations at someone".
sing to make melodious sounds; "The nightingale was singing".
request inquire for (information); "I requested information from the secretary".
seek inquire for; "seek directions from a local".
pluralize pluralise mark with a grammatical morpheme that indicates plural; "How do speakers pluralize nouns in Japanese?".
develop8 move into a strategically more advantageous position; "develop the rook".
develop7 move one's pieces into strategically more advantageous positions; "Spassky developed quickly".
promote be changed for a superior chess or checker piece.
destroy demolish defeat soundly; "The home team demolished the visitors".
cut_to_ribbons defeat totally; "We must cut the other team to ribbons!".
convert complete successfully; "score a penalty shot or free throw".
bias influence in an unfair way; "you are biasing my choice by telling me yours".
group aggroup form a group or group together.
oppose fight_down fight_back fight defend fight against or resist strongly; "The senator said he would oppose the bill"; "Don't fight it!".
act discharge one's duties; "She acts as the chair"; "In what capacity are you acting?".
win be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious; "He won the Gold Medal in skating"; "Our home team won"; "Win the game".
romp win easily; "romp a race".
carry8 be successful in; "She lost the game but carried the match".
triumph prevail prove superior; "The champion prevailed, though it was a hard fight".
vanquish trounce shell crush beat_out beat come out better in a competition, race, or conflict; "Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship"; "We beat the competition"; "Harvard defeated Yale in the last football game".
walk_over beat easily; "The local team walked over their old rivals for the championship".
worst whip rack_up pip mop_up defeat thoroughly; "He mopped up the floor with his opponents".
wallop defeat soundly and utterly; "We'll wallop them!".
outroar roar louder than.
outsail sail faster or better than; "They outsailed the Roman fleet".
break4 better surpass in excellence; "She bettered her own record"; "break a record".
outshine attract more attention and praise than others; "This film outshone all the others in quality".
outrange have a greater range than (another gun).
outbrave be braver than.
trump scoop outflank outdo best get the better of; "the goal was to best the competition".
outfight to fight better than; get the better of; "the Rangers outfought the Maple Leafs"; "The French forces outfought the Germans".
nose defeat by a narrow margin.
jockey compete (for an advantage or a position).
outsmart outmanoeuvre outmaneuver defeat by more skillful maneuvering; "The English troops outmaneuvered the Germans"; "My new supervisor knows how to outmaneuver the boss in most situations".
steamroller steamroll overwhelm by using great force; "steamroller the opposition".
win pull_ahead make_headway get_ahead gain_ground gain advance obtain advantages, such as points, etc.; "The home team was gaining ground"; "After defeating the Knicks, the Blazers pulled ahead of the Lakers in the battle for the number-one playoff berth in the Western Conference".
nail complete complete a pass.
chop hit sharply.
snipe sharpshoot aim and shoot with great precision.
overexert_oneself kill_oneself strain oneself more than is healthy.
cover4 be responsible for guarding an opponent in a game.
point0 be positionable in a specified manner; "The gun points with ease".
see3 match or meet; "I saw the bet of one of my fellow players".
spare use frugally or carefully.
use expend use up, consume fully; "The legislature expended its time on school questions".
ply use diligently; "ply your wits!".
waste use inefficiently or inappropriately; "waste heat"; "waste a joke on an unappreciative audience".
avail use to one's advantage; "He availed himself of the available resources".
take_in_vain use a name, such as God, without proper respect.
work_through run_through go_through apply thoroughly; think through; "We worked through an example".
work3 exploit use or manipulate to one's advantage; "He exploit the new taxation system"; "She knows how to work the system"; "he works his parents for sympathy".
make_hay turn to one's advantage; "The environmentalist lobby made hay of the nuclear plant accident".
play0 use to one's advantage; "She plays on her clients' emotions".
harness exploit the power of; "harness natural forces and resources".
tap exploit draw from; make good use of; "we must exploit the resources we are given wisely".
commercialize exploit for maximal profit, usually by sacrificing quality; "The hotel owners are commercializing the beaches".
milk exploit as much as possible; "I am milking this for all it's worth".
strain extend4 use to the utmost; exert vigorously or to full capacity; "He really extended himself when he climbed Kilimanjaro"; "Don't strain your mind too much".
victual take in nourishment.
guzzle drink greedily or as if with great thirst; "The boys guzzled the cheap vodka".
tipple bib drink moderately but regularly; "We tippled the cognac".
pitch_in dig_in eat heartily; "The food was placed on the table and the children pitched in".
gobble bolt eat hastily without proper chewing; "Don't bolt your food!".
procure pimp pander arrange for sexual partners for others.
pander indulge gratify yield (to); give satisfaction to.
supply provide ply cater give what is desired or needed, especially support, food or sustenance; "The hostess provided lunch for all the guests".
satisfy meet fulfill fulfil fill fill or meet a want or need.
accommodate provide with something desired or needed; "Can you accommodate me with a rental car?".
dry-nurse take care of an infant without breastfeeding it.
thirst starve lust hunger crave have a craving, appetite, or great desire for.
diet eat sparingly, for health reasons or to lose weight.
diet follow a regimen or a diet, as for health reasons; "He has high blood pressure and must stick to a low-salt diet".
luxuriate indulge enjoy to excess; "She indulges in ice cream".
enjoy have benefit from; "enjoy privileges".
go8 be spent; "All my money went for food and rent".
pall cloy cause surfeit through excess though initially pleasing; "Too much spicy food cloyed his appetite".
content satisfy in a limited way; "He contented himself with one glass of beer per day".
degust taste with relish; "degust this wonderful soup".
dope take drugs to improve one's athletic performance.
turn_on trip_out trip get_off0 get high, stoned, or drugged; "He trips every weekend".
toss_off pour_down pop0 kill1 drink_down down bolt_down belt_down drink down entirely; "He downed three martinis before dinner"; "She killed a bottle of brandy that night"; "They popped a few beer after work".
raven prey predate prey on or hunt for; "These mammals predate certain eggs".
prey feed profit from in an exploitatory manner; "He feeds on her insecurity".
grope fondle for sexual pleasure; "He made some sexual advances at the woman in his office and groped her repeatedly".
hold_on grasp hold firmly.
clasp hold firmly and tightly.
buoy_up buoy keep afloat; "The life vest buoyed him up".
slat close the slats of (windows).
stopple stopper close or secure with or as if with a stopper; "She stoppered the wine bottle"; "The mothers stoppered their babies' mouths with pacifiers".
mold fit tightly, follow the contours of; "The dress molds her beautiful figure".
grip hold fast or firmly; "He gripped the steering wheel".
twiddle fiddle_with manipulate, as in a nervous or unconscious manner; "He twiddled his thumbs while waiting for the interview".
ply wield vigorously; "ply an axe".
stroke touch lightly and repeatedly, as with brushing motions; "He stroked his long beard".
fondle caress touch or stroke lightly in a loving or endearing manner; "He caressed her face"; "They fondled in the back seat of the taxi".
pet stroke or caress in an erotic manner, as during lovemaking.
spiritize spiritise imbue with a spirit.
honeycomb penetrate thoroughly and into every part; "the revolutionaries honeycombed the organization".
proof knead to reach proper lightness; "proof dough".
spang bang leap, jerk, bang; "Bullets spanged into the trees".
slam bang close violently; "He slammed the door shut".
shutter close with shutters; "We shuttered the window to keep the house cool".
furbish burnish buff polish and make shiny; "buff the wooden floors"; "buff my shoes".
slough_off separate from surrounding living tissue, as in an abortion.
trim pare remove the edges from and cut down to the desired size; "pare one's fingernails"; "trim the photograph"; "trim lumber".
dress2 cut down rough-hewn (lumber) to standard thickness and width.
feather cover or fit with feathers.
unbend free from flexure; "unbend a bow".
gift-wrap wrap (a gift) attractively.
untie unlace unbrace undo the ties of; "They untied the prisoner".
unloosen unloose loosen the ties of; "unloose your sneakers".
bitt secure with a bitt; "bitt the ship line".
truss tie_up tie_down bind secure with or as if with ropes; "tie down the prisoners"; "tie up the old newspapers and bring them to the recycling shed".
attach cause to be attached.
cleat secure on a cleat; "cleat a line".
tie_up moor berth secure in or as if in a berth or dock; "tie up the boat".
batten secure with battens; "batten down a ship's hatches".
rake level or smooth with a rake; "rake gravel".
grade level to the right gradient.
leave_no_stone_unturned search thoroughly and exhaustively; "The police left no stone unturned in looking for the President's murderer".
scour examine minutely; "The police scoured the country for the fugitive".
raid search for something needed or desired; "Our babysitter raided our refrigerator".
ransack comb search thoroughly; "They combed the area for the missing child".
disbud thin out buds to improve the quality of the remaining flowers.
take_off prove fatal; "The disease took off".
blindfold cover the eyes of (someone) to prevent him from seeing; "the hostage was blindfolded and driven away".
noose secure with a noose.
chock secure with chocks.
bung close with a cork or stopper.