lock_up secure by locking; "lock up the house before you go on vacation".
seal close with or as if with a seal; "She sealed the letter with hot wax".
zipper zip_up zip close with a zipper; "Zip up your jacket--it's cold".
interlink interconnect cause to be interconnected or interwoven.
stick_to stick hold_fast bond bind adhere stick to firmly; "Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall?".
leech_onto admire boundlessly and follow around; "the groupies leeched onto the rock star".
marshal arrange in logical order; "marshal facts or arguments".
sauce dress (food) with a relish.
moisten drizzle moisten with fine drops; "drizzle the meat with melted butter".
intersperse place at intervals in or among; "intersperse exclamation marks in the text".
deploy to distribute systematically or strategically; "The U.S. deploys its weapons in the Middle East".
benight envelop with social, intellectual, or moral darkness; "The benighted peoples of this area".
collate to assemble in proper sequence; "collate the papers".
lump chunk put together indiscriminately; "lump together all the applicants".
rumple ruffle_up ruffle mess_up disturb the smoothness of; "ruffle the surface of the water".
hug fit closely or tightly; "The dress hugged her hips".
leather whip with a leather strap.
birch whip with a birch twig.
thrash lick drub cream clobber bat beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight; "We licked the other team on Sunday!".
thump pound poke hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument; "the salesman pounded the door knocker"; "a bible-thumping Southern Baptist".
chop strike sharply, as in some sports.
whomp cuff hit with the hand.
scramble beat0 stir vigorously; "beat the egg whites"; "beat the cream".
cork_up cork close a bottle with a cork.
squeeze hug embrace bosom squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness; "Hug me, please"; "They embraced"; "He hugged her close to him".
clinch embrace amorously.
snuggle nuzzle nestle nest draw_close cuddle move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position; "We cuddled against each other to keep warm"; "The children snuggled into their sleeping bags".
neck make_out kiss, embrace, or fondle with sexual passion; "The couple were necking in the back seat of the car".
sleep_with sleep_together screw roll_in_the_hay make_out make_love love lie_with know jazz hump have_sex have_it_off have_it_away have_intercourse have_a_go_at_it get_laid get_it_on fuck eff do_it bonk bed be_intimate bang have sexual intercourse with; "This student sleeps with everyone in her dorm"; "Adam knew Eve"; "Were you ever intimate with this man?".
whore have unlawful sex with a whore.
ruin deflower deprive of virginity; "This dirty old man deflowered several young girls in the village".
wank she-bop masturbate jerk_off jack_off fuck_off get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
masturbate stimulate sexually; "The old man wanted to be masturbated by the prostitute".
scarf masturbate while strangling oneself.
snatch_up snatch snap to grasp hastily or eagerly; "Before I could stop him the dog snatched the ham bone".
twang pluck (strings of an instrument); "He twanged his bow".
bowse bouse haul with a tackle.
set_up arrange put into a proper or systematic order; "arrange the books on the shelves in chronological order".
settle1 arrange or fix in the desired order; "She settled the teacart".
absorb assimilate or take in; "The immigrants were quickly absorbed into society".
unhand remove the hand from.
let_out bring_out bring out of a specific state.
free disengage free or remove obstruction from; "free a path across the cluttered floor".
bag capture or kill, as in hunting; "bag a few pheasants".
batfowl catch birds by temporarily blinding them.
dangle cause to dangle or hang freely; "He dangled the ornaments from the Christmas tree".
lubricate lube apply a lubricant to; "lubricate my car".
break_out take from stowage in preparation for use.
settle8 ensconce fix firmly; "He ensconced himself in the chair".
emplace provide a new emplacement for guns.
unlock set free or release.
lob propel in a high arc; "lob the tennis ball".
unweave undo strands that have been woven together.
stuff cram into a cavity; "The child stuffed candy into his pockets".
sink bury embed deeply; "She sank her fingers into the soft sand"; "He buried his head in her lap".
ingrain grain thoroughly work in; "His hands were grained with dirt".
houseclean clean_house clean clean and tidy up the house; "She housecleans every week".
wash_out wash free from unwanted substances, such as dirt; "Wash out your dirty shirt in the sink".
work1 move into or onto; "work the raisins into the dough"; "the student worked a few jokes into his presentation"; "work the body onto the flatbed truck".
cut separate with or as if with an instrument; "Cut the rope".
trench cut or carve deeply into; "letters trenched into the stone".
slit slice make a clean cut through; "slit her throat".
retrofit fit in or on an existing structure, such as an older house; "The mansion was retrofitted with modern plumbing".
clinch clench hold in a tight grasp; "clench a steering wheel".
engulf flow over or cover completely; "The bright light engulfed him completely".
swallow_up swallow immerse eat_up bury enclose or envelop completely, as if by swallowing; "The huge waves swallowed the small boat and it sank shortly thereafter".
construct draw with suitable instruments and under specified conditions; "construct an equilateral triangle".
toy play9 fiddle diddle manipulate manually or in one's mind or imagination; "She played nervously with her wedding ring"; "Don't fiddle with the screws"; "He played with the idea of running for the Senate".
tweak pull_off pluck pick_off pull or pull out sharply; "pluck the flowers off the bush".
tweak pinch or squeeze sharply.
squelch squeeze squash mash crush to compress with violence, out of natural shape or condition; "crush an aluminum can"; "squeeze a lemon".
stamp crush or grind with a heavy instrument; "stamp fruit extract the juice".
comb straighten with a comb; "comb your hair".
heckle hatchel hackle comb with a heckle; "heckle hemp or flax".
coapt fit tightly and fasten.
draw_together bring_together bond bring together in a common cause or emotion; "The death of their child had drawn them together".
hem_in surround in a restrictive manner; "The building was hemmed in by flowers".
strip clean remove all contents or possession from, or empty completely; "The boys cleaned the sandwich platters"; "The trees were cleaned of apples by the storm".
cut4 function as a cutting instrument; "This knife cuts well".
plaster affix conspicuously; "She plastered warnings all over the wall".
disperse separate (light) into spectral rays; "the prosm disperses light".
track make tracks upon.
unmake undo deprive of certain characteristics.
beat shape by beating; "beat swords into ploughshares".
come_up bring forth, usually something desirable; "The committee came up with some interesting recommendations".
stir raise put_forward invoke evoke conjure_up conjure call_forth call_down bring_up arouse summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; "raise the specter of unemployment"; "he conjured wild birds in the air"; "call down the spirits from the mountain".
gestate conceptualize conceptualise conceive have the idea for; "He conceived of a robot that would help paralyzed patients"; "This library was well conceived".
design conceive or fashion in the mind; invent; "She designed a good excuse for not attending classes that day".
fantasize fantasise portray in the mind; "he is fantasizing the ideal wife".
consummate make perfect; bring to perfection.
substantiate realize realise actualize actualise make real or concrete; give reality or substance to; "our ideas must be substantiated into actions".
incarnate make concrete and real.
drive compel somebody to do something, often against his own will or judgment; "She finally drove him to change jobs".
prearrange arrange beforehand.
turn_out bear bring forth, "The apple tree bore delicious apples this year"; "The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers".
preform form into a shape resembling the final, desired one.
roughcast shape roughly.
reshape remold shape again or shape differently.
paint_the_lily gild_the_lily adorn unnecessarily (something that is already beautiful).
commend present as worthy of regard, kindness, or confidence; "His paintings commend him to the artistic world".
sonnet praise in a sonnet.
set1 arrange adapt for performance in a different way; "set this poem to music".
put adapt; "put these words to music".
reharmonize reharmonise provide with a different harmony; "reharmonize the melody".
harmonize harmonise write a harmony for.
star be the star in a performance.
co-star be the co-star in a performance.
play play on an instrument; "The band played all night long".
swing2 play with a subtle and intuitively felt sense of rhythm.
play perform music on (a musical instrument); "He plays the flute"; "Can you play on this old recorder?".
bow play on a string instrument with a bow.
lead0 direct conduct lead, as in the performance of a composition; "conduct an orchestra; Barenboim conducted the Chicago symphony for years".
conduct lead musicians in the performance of; "Bernstein conducted Mahler like no other conductor"; "she cannot conduct modern pieces".
throw1 make6 hold have give organize or be responsible for; "hold a reception"; "have, throw, or make a party"; "give a course".
get0 catch4 apprehend and reproduce accurately; "She really caught the spirit of the place in her drawings"; "She got the mood just right in her photographs".
cultivate foster the growth of.
simulate imitate copy reproduce someone's behavior or looks; "The mime imitated the passers-by"; "Children often copy their parents or older siblings".
take_off mimic or imitate in an amusing or satirical manner; "This song takes off from a famous aria".
take_after follow1 imitate in behavior; take as a model; "Teenagers follow their friends in everything".
indent set in from the margin; "Indent the paragraphs of a letter".
copy_out copy very carefully and as accurately as possible.
overplay overact ham_it_up ham exaggerate one's acting.
raise1 create a disturbance, especially by making a great noise; "raise hell"; "raise the roof"; "raise Cain".
filigree make filigree, as with a precious metal.
touch_a_chord strike_a_chord evoke a reaction, response, or emotion; "this writer strikes a chord with young women"; "The storyteller touched a chord".
invite ask_for increase the likelihood of; "ask for trouble"; "invite criticism".
infatuate arouse unreasoning love or passion in and cause to behave in an irrational way; "His new car has infatuated him"; "love has infatuated her".
wake stir_up inflame ignite heat fire_up arouse or excite feelings and passions; "The ostentatious way of living of the rich ignites the hatred of the poor"; "The refugees' fate stirred up compassion around the world"; "Wake old feelings of hatred".
wind_up turn_on sex excite arouse stimulate sexually; "This movie usually arouses the male audience".
jolt disturb (someone's) composure; "The audience was jolted by the play".
unbalance derange derange mentally, throw out of mental balance; make insane; "The death of his parents unbalanced him".
placate pacify mollify lenify gruntle gentle conciliate assuage appease cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of; "She managed to mollify the angry customer".
eat_on eat worry or cause anxiety in a persistent way; "What's eating you?".
worry care be concerned with; "I worry about my grades".
withdraw0 retire lose interest; "he retired from life when his wife died".
pierce move or affect (a person's emotions or bodily feelings) deeply or sharply; "The cold pierced her bones"; "Her words pierced the students".
wow impress greatly; "The speaker wowed the audience".
sweep_off sweep_away overwhelm emotionally; "Her swept her away".
get9 evoke an emotional response; "Brahms's `Requiem' gets me every time".
move1 arouse sympathy or compassion in; "Her fate moved us all".
smoulder smolder have strong suppressed feelings.
love have a great affection or liking for; "I love French food"; "She loves her boss and works hard for him".
love be enamored or in love with; "She loves her husband deeply".
romance have a love affair with.
fall_for fall in love with; become infatuated with; "She fell for the man from Brazil".
cling to remain emotionally or intellectually attached; "He clings to the idea that she might still love him.".
take_to go_for fancy have a fancy or particular liking or desire for; "She fancied a necklace that she had seen in the jeweler's window".
like be fond of; "I like my nephews".
cotton take a liking to; "cotton to something".
like find enjoyable or agreeable; "I like jogging"; "She likes to read Russian novels".
dote shower with love; show excessive affection for; "Grandmother dotes on her the twins".
yearn have affection for; feel tenderness for.
adore love intensely; "he just adored his wife".
venerate reverence revere fear regard with feelings of respect and reverence; consider hallowed or exalted or be in awe of; "Fear God as your father"; "We venerate genius".
worship show devotion to (a deity); "Many Hindus worship Shiva".
scare frighten fright affright cause fear in; "The stranger who hangs around the building frightens me"; "Ghosts could never affright her".
frighten drive out by frightening.
terrorize terrorise terrify fill with terror; frighten greatly.
intimidate make timid or fearful; "Her boss intimidates her".
strong-arm push_around hector bullyrag bully browbeat boss_around ballyrag be bossy towards; "Her big brother always bullied her when she was young".
prepossess cause to be preoccupied; "The idea of his failure prepossesses him".
unsettle unnerve faze enervate disturb the composure of.
snap1 lose_it break_down lose control of one's emotions; "When she heard that she had not passed the exam, she lost it completely"; "When her baby died, she snapped".
steam get very angry; "her indifference to his amorous advances really steamed the young man".
raise_the_roof get very angry; "He will raise the roof when he hears this".
madden craze cause to go crazy; cause to lose one's mind.
fluster be flustered; behave in a confused manner.
repent atone turn away from sin or do penitence.
try stress strain test the limits of; "You are trying my patience!".
rack stretch to the limits; "rack one's brains".
fall_short come_short fail to meet (expectations or standards).
stultify prove to be of unsound mind or demonstrate someone's incompetence; "nobody is legally allowed to stultify himself".
dehumanize dehumanise deprive of human qualities; "Life in poverty has dehumanized them".
torture torment rack excruciate torment emotionally or mentally.
tease to arouse hope, desire, or curiosity without satisfying them; "The advertisement is intended to tease the customers"; "She has a way of teasing men with her flirtatious behavior".
ingratiate gain favor with somebody by deliberate efforts.
suck_up sidle_up shine_up play_up cozy_up cotton_up ingratiate oneself to; often with insincere behavior; "She is playing up to the chairman".
take_heart buck_up gain courage.
trance fascinate entrance enchant enamour enamor charm catch3 capture captivate bewitch beguile becharm attract; cause to be enamored; "She captured all the men's hearts".
endear make attractive or lovable; "This behavior endeared her to me".
tempt invite give rise to a desire by being attractive or inviting; "the window displays tempted the shoppers".
attract appeal be attractive to; "The idea of a vacation appeals to me"; "The beautiful garden attracted many people".
take_aback shock floor blow_out_of_the_water ball_over surprise greatly; knock someone's socks off; "I was floored when I heard that I was promoted".
kill overwhelm with hilarity, pleasure, or admiration; "The comedian was so funny, he was killing me!".
knock_out overwhelm with admiration; "All the guys were knocked out by her charm".
despond lose confidence or hope; become dejected; "The supporters of the Presidential candidate desponded when they learned the early results of the election".
hope be optimistic; be full of hope; have hopes; "I am still hoping that all will turn out well".
uplift pick_up2 lift_up intoxicate elate fill with high spirits; fill with optimism; "Music can uplift your spirits".
beatify make blessedly happy.
tickle_pink thrill inebriate exhilarate exalt beatify fill with sublime emotion; "The children were thrilled at the prospect of going to the movies"; "He was inebriated by his phenomenal success".
invigorate inspire exalt enliven animate heighten or intensify; "These paintings exalt the imagination".
rejoice joy feel happiness or joy.
lighten_up lighten buoy_up make more cheerful; "the conversation lightened me up a bit".
soothe solace console comfort give moral or emotional strength to.
please delight give pleasure to or be pleasing to; "These colors please the senses"; "a pleasing sensation".
titillate excite pleasurably or erotically; "A titillating story appeared in the usually conservative magazine".
satisfy gratify make happy or satisfied.
dissatisfy fail to satisfy.
transport ravish enthrall enthral enrapture enchant delight hold spellbound.
disillusion disenchant free from enchantment.
recreate hearten embolden cheer give encouragement to.
encourage inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to.
draw_out make more sociable; "The therapist drew out the shy girl".
savour savor relish enjoy bask derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment from; take pleasure in; "She relished her fame and basked in her glory".
feast_one's_eyes look at with great enjoyment; "She feasted her eyes on the Tuscan landscape".
devour enjoy avidly; "She devoured his novels".
transfix spellbind grip fascinate to render motionless, as with a fixed stare or by arousing terror or awe; "The snake charmer fascinates the cobra".
interest excite the curiosity of; engage the interest of.
tire bore cause to be bored.
sympathize sympathise share the feelings of; understand the sentiments of.
care feel concern or interest; "I really care about my work"; "I don't care".
wallow triumph rejoice be ecstatic with joy.
estrange disaffect alienate alien arouse hostility or indifference in where there had formerly been love, affection, or friendliness; "She alienated her friends when she became fanatically religious".
wean detach the affections of.
wish like care prefer or wish to do something; "Do you care to try this dish?"; "Would you like to come along to the movies?".
want desire feel or have a desire for; want strongly; "I want to go home now"; "I want my own room".
spoil itch have a strong desire or urge to do something; "She is itching to start the project"; "He is spoiling for a fight".
like want to have; "I'd like a beer now!".
ambition have as one's ambition.
feel_like have an inclination for something or some activity; "I feel like staying in bed all day"; "I feel like a cold beer now".
prefer like better; value more highly; "Some people prefer camping to staying in hotels"; "We prefer sleeping outside".
envy begrudge be envious of; set one's heart on.
envy feel envious towards; admire enviously.
look_up_to admire feel admiration for.
lust_after lech_after have a strong sexual desire for; "he is lusting after his secretary".
care_for have a liking, fondness, or taste (for).
love enjoy get pleasure from; "I love cooking".
burn feel strong emotion, especially anger or passion; "She was burning with anger"; "He was burning to try out his new skies".
fly_high be elated; "He was flying high during the summer months".
shine radiate glow beam experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion; "She was beaming with joy"; "Her face radiated with happiness".
glow be exuberant or high-spirited; "Make the people's hearts glow".
bring_down cause to be enthusiastic; "Her playing brought down the house".
electrify excite suddenly and intensely; "The news electrified us".
obsess be preoccupied with something; "She is obsessing over her weight".
plunge dash violently or with great speed or impetuosity; "She plunged at it eagerly".
gravitate move due to the pull of gravitation; "The stars gravitate towards each other".
tube ride or float on an inflated tube; "We tubed down the river on a hot summer day".
move displace cause to move or shift into a new position or place, both in a concrete and in an abstract sense; "Move those boxes into the corner, please"; "I'm moving my money to another bank"; "The director moved more responsibilities onto his new assistant".
take_out0 draw take liquid out of a container or well; "She drew water from the barrel".
sidle move unobtrusively or furtively; "The young man began to sidle near the pretty girl sitting on the log".
swan sweep majestically; "Airplanes were swanning over the mountains".
push move strenuously and with effort; "The crowd pushed forward".
lash lash or flick about sharply; "The lion lashed its tail".
maunder wander aimlessly.
constitutionalize take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal; "A good way of exercising is to constitutionalize".
jazz_around gallivant gad wander aimlessly in search of pleasure.
sport skylark run_around romp rollick lark_about lark gambol frolic frisk disport cavort play boisterously; "The children frolicked in the garden"; "the gamboling lambs in the meadows"; "The toddlers romped in the playroom".
skitter glide easily along a surface.
tremor quake shake with seismic vibrations; "The earth was quaking".
throb thrill shudder shiver tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement.
whip thrash about flexibly in the manner of a whiplash; "The tall grass whipped in the wind".
breeze to proceed quickly and easily.
boggle startle with amazement or fear.
sneak pussyfoot mouse creep to go stealthily or furtively; "..stead of sneaking around spying on the neighbor's house".
romp run easily and fairly fast.
lope run easily.
rack fly in high wind.
fly_blind fly an airplane solely by relying on instruments.
go_up be erected, built, or constructed; "New buildings are going up everywhere".
turn0 channel one's attention, interest, thought, or attention toward or away from something; "The pedophile turned to boys for satisfaction"; "people turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium".
thumb hitchhike hitch travel by getting free rides from motorists.
outride ride better, faster, or further than; "The champion bicyclist outrode all his competitors".
burst move suddenly, energetically, or violently; "He burst out of the house into the cool night".
vault bound vigorously.
rise move_up ascend move to a better position in life or to a better job; "She ascended from a life of poverty to one of great.
fall descend in free fall under the influence of gravity; "The branch fell from the tree"; "The unfortunate hiker fell into a crevasse".
flop fall loosely; "He flopped into a chair".
plump plummet drop sharply; "The stock market plummeted".
set_down disembark debark go ashore; "The passengers disembarked at Southampton".
uprise stand_up bristle rise up as in fear; "The dog's fur bristled"; "It was a sight to make one's hair uprise!".
right regain an upright or proper position; "The capsized boat righted again".
space place at intervals; "Space the interviews so that you have some time between the different candidates".
marshal place in proper rank; "marshal the troops".
turn_back run_off drive_out drive_off drive_away dispel chase_away force to go away; used both with concrete and metaphoric meanings; "Drive away potential burglars"; "drive away bad thoughts"; "dispel doubts"; "The supermarket had to turn back many disappointed customers".
come_in come6 be received; "News came in of the massacre in Rwanda".
flood_in arrive in great numbers.
displace cause to move, usually with force or pressure; "the refugees were displaced by the war".
pull_in move_in get_in draw_in of trains; move into (a station); "The bullet train drew into Tokyo Station".
overrun infest invade in great numbers; "the roaches infested our kitchen".
curtsy curtsey bend the knees in a gesture of respectful greeting.
scrape kowtow genuflect bend the knees and bow in a servile manner.
send_around forward to others; "he is sending around an appeal for funds".
negotiate negociate succeed in passing through, around, or over; "The hiker negociated the high mountain pass".
come_together close1 come together, as if in an embrace; "Her arms closed around her long lost relative".
unfold stretch_out stretch extend1 extend or stretch out to a greater or the full length; "Unfold the newspaper"; "stretch out that piece of cloth"; "extend the TV antenna".
run_off elope run away secretly with one's beloved; "The young couple eloped and got married in Las Vegas".
evade elude bilk escape, either physically or mentally; "The thief eluded the police"; "This difficult idea seems to evade her"; "The event evades explanation".
skedaddle run away, as if in a panic.
steal_away sneak_out sneak_off sneak_away slip_away leave furtively and stealthily; "The lecture was boring and many students slipped out when the instructor turned towards the blackboard".
collapse fold or close up; "fold up your umbrella"; "collapse the music stand".
rouse bestir become active; "He finally bestirred himself".
swash make violent, noisy movements.
hustle cause to move furtively and hurriedly; "The secret service agents hustled the speaker out of the amphitheater".
beetle fly or go in a manner resembling a beetle; "He beetled up the staircase"; "They beetled off home".
register record be aware of; "Did you register any change when I pressed the button?".
perceive comprehend to become aware of through the senses; "I could perceive the ship coming over the horizon".
apperceive perceive in terms of a past experience.
divine perceive intuitively or through some inexplicable perceptive powers.
chiromance divine by reading someone's palms; "The Gypsies chiromanced"; "She refused to chiromance my fate".
take5 experience or feel or submit to; "Take a test"; "Take the plunge".
tolerate have a tolerance for a poison or strong drug or pathogen or environmental condition; "The patient does not tolerate the anti-inflammatory drugs we gave him".
enjoy have for one's benefit; "The industry enjoyed a boom".
expose expose or make accessible to some action or influence; "Expose your students to art"; "expose the blanket to sunshine".
stupefy besot make dull or stupid or muddle with drunkenness or infatuation.
work8 provoke or excite; "The rock musician worked the crowd of young girls into a frenzy".
suck go_down_on fellate blow2 provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
misperceive perceive incorrectly.
pick_up4 catch perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily; "I caught the aroma of coffee"; "He caught the allusion in her glance"; "ears open to catch every sound"; "The dog picked up the scent"; "Catch a glimpse".
take_note observe note observe with care or pay close attention to; "Take note of this chemical reaction".
itch have or perceive an itch; "I'm itching--the air is so dry!".
itch cause to perceive an itch; "his skin itched".
cause_to_be_perceived have perceptible qualities.
salute become noticeable; "a terrible stench saluted our nostrils".
reach_one's_nostrils be smelled; have a strong odor.
wind scent nose catch the scent of; get wind of; "The dog nosed out the drugs".
sniff_out smell_out scent_out nose_out recognize or detect by or as if by smelling; "He can smell out trouble".
get_a_whiff get_a_noseful smell strongly and intensely.
touch perceive via the tactile sense; "Helen Keller felt the physical world by touching people and objects around her".
witness see find perceive or be contemporaneous with; "We found Republicans winning the offices"; "You'll see a lot of cheating in this school"; "The 1960's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions"; "I want to see results".
see7 see and understand, have a good eye; "The artist must first learn to see".
lose_sight_of be no longer able to see; "We lost sight of the tower as pulled out of the harbor".
view look_at consider look at carefully; study mentally; "view a problem".
stare gaze look at with fixed eyes; "The students stared at the teacher with amazement".
regard consider look at attentively.
pierce sound sharply or shrilly; "The scream pierced the night".
reflect show an image of; "her sunglasses reflected his image".
show make visible or noticeable; "She showed her talent for cooking"; "Show me your etchings, please".
do_justice bring out fully or to advantage; "This photograph does not do her justice".
show_up show be or become visible or noticeable; "His good upbringing really shows"; "The dirty side will show".
expose exhibit display to show, make visible or apparent; "The Metropolitan Museum is exhibiting Goya's works this month"; "Why don't you show your nice legs and wear shorter skirts?"; "National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship".
hold_up hold up something as an example; hold up one's achievements for admiration.
splurge be showy or ostentatious.
brandish exhibit aggressively; "brandish a sword".
trot_out bring out and show for inspection and admiration; "His novel trots out a rich heiress"; "always able to trot out some new excuse".
watch look attentively; "watch a basketball game".
watch_out watch look_out be vigilant, be on the lookout or be careful; "Watch out for pickpockets!".
scan examine minutely or intensely; "the surgeon scanned the X-ray".
peruse examine or consider with attention and in detail; "Please peruse this report at your leisure".
zoom_in examine closely; focus one's attention on; "He zoomed in on the book".
take_stock size_up scrutinize scrutinise to look at critically or searchingly, or in minute detail; "he scrutinized his likeness in the mirror".
prospect search for something desirable; "prospect a job".
camouflage disguise by camouflaging; exploit the natural surroundings to disguise something; "The troops camouflaged themselves before they went into enemy territory".
winkle wink twinkle flash blink gleam or glow intermittently; "The lights were flashing".
flicker flick flash intermittently; "The lights flicked on and off".
blur to make less distinct or clear; "The haze blurs the hills".
glare shine intensely; "The sun glared down on us".
beat glare or strike with great intensity; "The sun was beating down on us".
shine glitter glisten glint gleam be shiny, as if wet; "His eyes were glistening".
spy sight catch sight of; to perceive with the eyes; "he caught sight of the king's men coming over the ridge".
admire look at with admiration.
peep look furtively; "He peeped at the woman through the window".
inspect look over carefully; "Please inspect your father's will carefully".
study consider give careful consideration to; "consider the possibility of moving".
gloat gaze at or think about something with great self-satisfaction, gratification, or joy.
eyeball eye look at.
keep_one's_eyes_skinned keep_one's_eyes_peeled keep_one's_eyes_open pay attention; be watchful; "Keep your eyes peeled for any policemen".
look_after keep under careful scrutiny; "Keep an eye on this prisoner!".
give_the_once_over give_the_eye look at with a critical eye; "When the movie star entered, all the women gave him the once over".
observe watch attentively; "Please observe the reaction of these two chemicals".
hear_out listen to every detail and give a full hearing to.
fixate pay attention to exclusively and obsessively; "The media are fixating on Princess Diana's death".
vibrate resonate sound with resonance; "The sound resonates well in this theater".
consonate sound in sympathy.
taste perceive by the sense of taste; "Can you taste the garlic?".
taste distinguish flavors; "We tasted wines last night".
tell_apart spot recognize recognise pick_out make_out distinguish discern detect with the senses; "The fleeing convicts were picked out of the darkness by the watchful prison guards"; "I can't make out the faces in this photograph".
discriminate distinguish; "I could not discriminate the different tastes in this complicated dish".
savour savor taste appreciatively; "savor the soup".
sweeten edulcorate dulcorate dulcify make sweeter in taste.
get_off enjoy in a sexual way; "He gets off on shoes".
greet be perceived by; "Loud music greeted him when he entered the apartment".
seem appear to one's own mind or opinion; "I seem to be misunderstood by everyone"; "I can't seem to learn these Chinese characters".
see_through perceive the true nature of; "We could see through her apparent calm".
sight take aim by looking through the sights of a gun (or other device).
hold have_got have have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense; "She has $1,000 in the bank"; "He has got two beautiful daughters"; "She holds a Master's degree from Harvard".
monopolize monopolise have or exploit a monopoly of; "OPEC wants to monopolize oil".
rent_out hire_out farm_out grant the services of or the temporary use of, for a fee; "We rent out our apartment to tourists every year"; "He hired himself out as a cook".
hustle get by trying hard; "she hustled a free lunch from the waiter".
get acquire come into the possession of something concrete or abstract; "She got a lot of paintings from her uncle"; "They acquired a new pet"; "Get your results the next day"; "Get permission to take a few days off from work".
deny abnegate deny oneself (something); restrain, especially from indulging in some pleasure; "She denied herself wine and spirits".
immobilize immobilise hold as reserve or withdraw from circulation; of capital.
subsidize subsidise support through subsidies; "The arts in Europe are heavily subsidized".
support support materially or financially; "he does not support his natural children"; "The scholarship supported me when I was in college".
demise transfer by a lease or by a will.
vest become legally vested; "The property vests in the trustees".
trash scrap junk dispose of (something useless or old); "trash these old chairs"; "junk an old car"; "scrap your old computer".
secure procure get by special effort; "He procured extra cigarettes even though they were rationed".
settle4 dispose of; make a financial settlement.
grant allot accord allow to have; "grant a privilege".
grant allow let have; "grant permission"; "Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison".
vouchsafe grant in a condescending manner.
liquidate convert into cash; "I had to liquidate my holdings to pay off my ex-husband".
present award give, especially as an honor or reward; "bestow honors and prizes at graduation".
grant award give as judged due or on the basis of merit; "the referee awarded a free kick to the team"; "the jury awarded a million dollars to the plaintiff";"Funds are granted to qualified researchers".
donate give to a charity or good cause; "I donated blood to the Red Cross for the victims of the earthquake"; "donate money to the orphanage"; "She donates to her favorite charity every month".
heap bestow in large quantities; "He heaped him with work"; "She heaped scorn upon him".
overspend spend at a high rate.
spend spend completely; "I spend my pocket money in two days".
use_up take occupy require (time or space); "It took three hours to get to work this morning"; "This event occupied a very short time".
waste squander blow spend thoughtlessly; throw away; "He wasted his inheritance on his insincere friends"; "You squandered the opportunity to get and advanced degree".
sponge mooch grub cadge bum ask for and get free; be a parasite.
freeload live off somebody's generosity; "This young man refuses to work and is freeloading".
beg ask to obtain free; "beg money and food".
condemn appropriate (property) for public use; "the county condemned the land to build a highway".
turn_a_profit profit make a profit; gain money or materially; "The company has not profited from the merger".
cash_in_on take advantage of or capitalize on.
take_advantage capitalize capitalise draw advantages from; "he is capitalizing on her mistake"; "she took advantage of his absence to meet her lover".
stockpile stock carry4 have on hand; "Do you carry kerosene heaters?".
feel1 find by testing or cautious exploration; "He felt his way around the dark room".
win gain acquire win something through one's efforts; "I acquired a passing knowledge of Chinese"; "Gain an understanding of international finance".
clear be debited and credited to the proper bank accounts; "The check will clear within 2 business days".
garner earn acquire or deserve by one's efforts or actions.
profit gain benefit derive a benefit from; "She profited from his vast experience".
do_good benefit be beneficial for; "This will do you good".
agree be agreeable or suitable; "White wine doesn't agree with me".
pay_off yield a profit or result; "His efforts finally paid off".
cut_in allow someone to have a share or profit.
outbid bid higher than others.
lapse let slip; "He lapsed his membership".
tithe exact a tithe from; "The church was tithed".
kick_in give5 contribute chip_in contribute to some cause; "I gave at the office".
combine add together from different sources; "combine resources".
relieve take by stealing; "The thief relieved me of $100".
smooth_out smooth free from obstructions; "smooth the way towards peace negotiations".
unsex deprive of sex or sexual powers.
lend impart contribute bring bestow add bestow a quality on; "Her presence lends a certain cachet to the company"; "The music added a lot to the play"; "She brings a special atmosphere to our meetings"; "This adds a light note to the program".
transfuse instill impart gradually; "Her presence instilled faith into the children"; "transfuse love of music into the students".
breathe impart as if by breathing; "He breathed new life into the old house".
immolate offer as a sacrifice by killing or by giving up to destruction; "The Aztecs immolated human victims"; "immolate the valuables at the temple".
thrive prosper fly_high flourish make steady progress; be at the high point in one's career or reach a high point in historical significance or importance; "The new student is thriving".
spare part_with give_up dispense_with give up what is not strictly needed; "he asked if they could spare one of their horses to speed his journey".
send institutionalize institutionalise commit charge0 cause to be admitted; of persons to an institution; "After the second episode, she had to be committed"; "he was committed to prison".
trust intrust entrust confide commit confer a trust upon; "The messenger was entrusted with the general's secret"; "I commit my soul to God".
rid free disembarrass relieve from; "Rid the house of pests".
disembody free from a body or physical form or reality.
overprice price excessively high.
snag get by acting quickly and smartly; "snag a bargain".
remember show appreciation to; "He remembered her in his will".
unburden free or relieve (someone) of a burden.
sanitate provide with sanitary facilities or appliances.
steamroller steamroll proceed with great force; "The new teacher tends to steamroller".
sit_by sit_back be inactive or indifferent while something is happening; "Don't just sit by while your rights are violated!".
act_on regulate one's behavior in accordance with certain information, ideas, or advice; "The Founding Fathers acted on certain moral principles".
superannuate retire and pension (someone) because of age or physical inability.
pension_off let go from employment with an attractive pension; "The director was pensioned off when he got senile".
top_out give up one's career just as one becomes very successful; "The financial consultant topped out at age 40 because he was burned out".
coeducate co-educate educate persons of both sexes together.
train school educate cultivate civilize civilise teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment; "Cultivate your musical taste"; "Train your tastebuds"; "She is well schooled in poetry".
sophisticate make less natural or innocent; "Their manners had sophisticated the young girls".
second transfer an employee to a different, temporary assignment; "The officer was seconded for duty overseas".
upgrade raise4 promote kick_upstairs elevate advance give a promotion to or assign to a higher position; "John was kicked upstairs when a replacement was hired"; "Women tend not to advance in the major law firms"; "I got promoted after many years of hard work".
spot_promote promote on the spot; "Supreme Bishop Digby had been spot-promoted to Archangel".
lionize lionise celebrate assign great social importance to; "The film director was celebrated all over Hollywood"; "The tenor was lionized in Vienna".
knight dub raise (someone) to knighthood; "The Beatles were knighted".
prefer favour favor promote over another; "he favors his second daughter".
sort sieve screen_out screen examine in order to test suitability; "screen these samples"; "screen the job applicants".
get_off be relieved of one's duties temporarily.
take_over relieve free someone temporarily from his or her obligations.
occupy busy keep busy with; "She busies herself with her butterfly collection".
act be engaged in an activity, often for no particular purpose other than pleasure.
unloosen unloose release loose liberate free grant freedom to; free from confinement.
bail release after a security has been paid.
free discharge free from obligations or duties.
cut discharge from a group; "The coach cut two players from the team".
clear1 free from payment of customs duties, as of a shipment; "Clear the ship and let it dock".
volunteer do volunteer work.
volunteer offer agree freely; "She volunteered to drive the old lady home"; "I offered to help with the dishes but the hostess would not hear of it".
ordain enact order by virtue of superior authority; decree; "The King ordained the persecution and expulsion of the Jews"; "the legislature enacted this law in 1985".
direct be in charge of.
lead head be in charge of; "Who is heading this project?".
govern direct or strongly influence the behavior of; "His belief in God governs his conduct".
minister work as a minister; "She is ministering in an old parish".
indorse endorse certify guarantee as meeting a certain standard; "certified grade AAA meat".
prevent preclude forestall foreclose forbid keep from happening or arising; make impossible; "My sense of tact forbids an honest answer"; "Your role in the projects precludes your involvement in the competitive project".
privilege favour favor bestow a privilege upon.
support plunk_for plump_for indorse endorse back be behind; approve of; "He plumped for the Labor Party"; "I backed Kennedy in 1960".
police patrol maintain the security of by carrying out a patrol.
watch_over watch observe keep_an_eye_on follow3 follow with the eyes or the mind; "Keep an eye on the baby, please!"; "The world is watching Sarajevo"; "She followed the men with the binoculars".
respect observe honour honor abide_by show respect towards; "honor your parents!".
tolerate recognize and respect (rights and beliefs of others); "We must tolerate the religions of others".
mesh work together in harmony.
get_on_with get_on get_along_with get_along have smooth relations; "My boss and I get along very well".
liberalize liberalise become more liberal; "The laws liberalized after Prohibition".
gerrymander divide unfairly and to one's advantage; of voting districts.
vote be guided by in voting; "vote one's conscience".
create invest with a new title, office, or rank; "Create one a peer".
reissue issue (a new version of); "if you forget your password, it can be changed and reissued".
trust allow without fear.
assassinate murder; especially of socially prominent persons; "Anwar Sadat was assassinated because many people did not like his peace politics with Israel".
put_to_death execute kill as a means of socially sanctioned punishment; "In some states, criminals are executed".
meet get_together get together socially or for a specific purpose.
drop_in drop_by come_by visit informally and spontaneously; "We frequently drop by the neighbors' house for a cup of coffee".
solemnize solemnise perform (the wedding ceremony) with proper ceremonies.
entertain provide entertainment for.
divert disport amuse occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion; "The play amused the ladies".
roister riot carouse engage in boisterous, drunken merrymaking; "They were out carousing last night".
receive0 have or give a reception; "The lady is receiving Sunday morning".
bail_out free on bail.
manumit emancipate free from slavery or servitude.
squeeze pressure hale force coerce to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :"She forced him to take a job in the city"; "He squeezed her for information".
turn_up_the_pressure turn_up_the_heat apply great or increased pressure; "The Democrats turned up the heat on their candidate to concede the election".
declassify lift the restriction on and make available again; "reclassify the documents".
indulge give free rein to; "The writer indulged in metaphorical language".
stratify develop different social levels, classes, or castes; "Society stratifies when the income gap widens".
advantage give an advantage to; "This system advantages the rich".
handle_with_kid_gloves handle with great care and sensitivity; "You have to handle the students with kid gloves".
fall_all_over display excessive love or show excessive gratitude towards; "This student falls all over her former professor when she sees him".
do_well_by treat with respect and consideration; "children should do well by their parents".
fall_from_grace revert back to bad behavior after a period of good behavior; "The children fell from grace when they asked for several helpings of dessert".
hugger_mugger act stealthily or secretively.
deport conduct comport carry3 behave bear0 acquit behave in a certain manner; "She carried herself well"; "he bore himself with dignity"; "They conducted themselves well during these difficult times".
walk_around behave in a certain manner or have certain properties; "He walks around with his nose in the air"; "She walks around with this strange boyfriend".
walk live or behave in a specified manner; "walk in sadness".
comport behave behave well or properly; "The children must learn to behave".
sweep_through sail_through pass_with_flying_colors nail breeze_through ace succeed at easily; "She sailed through her exams"; "You will pass with flying colors"; "She nailed her astrophysics course".
pull_off negociate manage carry_off bring_off be successful; achieve a goal; "She succeeded in persuading us all"; "I managed to carry the box upstairs"; "She pulled it off, even though we never thought her capable of it"; "The pianist negociated the difficult runs".
pass clear go unchallenged; be approved; "The bill cleared the House".
pass6 accept or judge as acceptable; "The teacher passed the student although he was weak".
win succeed deliver_the_goods come_through bring_home_the_bacon attain success or reach a desired goal; "The enterprise succeeded"; "We succeeded in getting tickets to the show"; "she struggled to overcome her handicap and won".
luck_out hit_the_jackpot succeed by luck; "I lucked out and found the last parking spot in the lot".
work act have an effect or outcome; often the one desired or expected; "The voting process doesn't work as well as people thought"; "How does your idea work in practice?"; "This method doesn't work"; "The breaks of my new car act quickly"; "The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water".
overreach fail by aiming too high or trying too hard.
pan_out be a success; "The idea panned out".
grope search blindly or uncertainly; "His mind groped to make the connection".
buck to strive with determination; "John is bucking for a promotion".
try_out try test prove examine essay put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to; "This approach has been tried with good results"; "Test this recipe".
test screen test or examine for the presence of disease or infection; "screen the blood for the HIV virus".
woo solicit romance court make amorous advances towards; "John is courting Mary".
woo court seek someone's favor; "China is wooing Russia".
chase_after chase pursue someone sexually or romantically.
colour color modify or bias; "His political ideas color his lectures".
fall_for be deceived, duped, or entrapped by; "He fell for her charms"; "He fell for the con man's story".
come_of_age reach a certain age that marks a transition to maturity.
obey be obedient to.
take_chances take_a_chance run_a_risk risk hazard gamble chance adventure take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome; "When you buy these stocks you are gambling".
dare to be courageous enough to try or do something; "I don't dare call him", "she dares to dress differently from the others".
reward honour honor bestow honor or rewards upon; "Today we honor our soldiers"; "The scout was rewarded for courageous action".
recognize recognise show approval or appreciation of; "My work is not recognized by anybody!"; "The best student was recognized by the Dean".
ennoble dignify confer dignity or honor upon; "He was dignified with a title".
decorate award a mark of honor, such as a medal, to; "He was decorated for his services in the military".
subserve be helpful or useful.
succour succor help in a difficult situation.
tend have care of or look after; "She tends to the children".
save salve salvage relieve save from ruin, destruction, or harm.
rescue deliver free from harm or evil.
reprieve relieve temporarily.
rehabilitate help to readapt, as to a former state of health or good repute; "The prisoner was successfully rehabilitated"; "After a year in the mental clinic, the patient is now rehabilitated".
rehabilitate restore to a state of good condition or operation.
reinstate restore to the previous state or rank.
further foster promote the growth of; "Foster our children's well-being and education".
spur incite or stimulate; "The Academy was formed to spur research".
promote further encourage boost advance contribute to the progress or growth of; "I am promoting the use of computers in the classroom".
help contribute to the furtherance of; "This money will help the development of literacy in developing countries".
feed support or promote; "His admiration fed her vanity".
lead contribute conduce be conducive to; "The use of computers in the classroom lead to better writing".
support back_up give moral or psychological support, aid, or courage to; "She supported him during the illness"; "Her children always backed her up".
undergird lend moral support to.
second indorse endorse back give support or one's approval to; "I'll second that motion"; "I can't back this plan"; "endorse a new project".
use practice apply avail oneself to; "apply a principle"; "practice a religion"; "use care when going down the stairs"; "use your common sense"; "practice non-violent resistance".
backdate make effective from an earlier date; "The increase in tax was backdated to January".
overachieve perform better or achieve a greater degree of success than expected; "His daughter always overachieves".
dispatch discharge complete complete or carry out; "discharge one's duties".
fall2 yield to temptation or sin; "Adam and Eve fell".
fall7 lose one's chastity; "a fallen woman".
gull fool befool make a fool or dupe of.
pull_someone's_leg play_a_joke_on hoax subject to a playful hoax or joke.
juggle hoodwink beguile influence by slyness.
solemnize solemnise observe or perform with dignity or gravity; "The King solemnized this day of morning".
lead_off lead_astray teach immoral behavior to; "It was common practice to lead off the young ones, and teach them bad habits".
connive encourage or assent to illegally or criminally.
get_at influence by corruption.
womanize womanise philander have amorous affairs; of men; "He has been womanizing for years".
descend deign condescend do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
condescend behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
take_care be careful, prudent, or watchful; "Take care when you cross the street!".
proctor invigilate watch over (students taking an exam, to prevent cheating).
queen_it_over put_on_airs lord_it_over act_superior act like the master of; "He is lording it over the students".
wash_out rain_out prevent or interrupt due to rain; "The storm had washed out the game".
ply apply oneself diligently; "Ply one's trade".
meet get to know; get acquainted with; "I met this really handsome guy at a bar last night!"; "we met in Singapore".
remember_oneself recover one's good manners after a lapse or stop behaving badly; "Please remember yourself, Charles!".
be have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun); "John is rich"; "This is not a good answer".
conclude close come to a close; "The concert closed with a nocturne by Chopin".
specify delineate delimitate delimit define determine the essential quality of.
collocate have a strong tendency to occur side by side; "The words 'new' and 'world' collocate".
dissipate live a life of pleasure, especially with respect to alcoholic consumption.
live pursue a positive and satisfying existence; "You must accept yourself and others if you really want to live".
swing live in a lively, modern, and relaxed style; "The Woodstock generation attempted to swing freely".
unlive live_down live so as to annul some previous behavior; "You can never live this down!".
wanton indulge in a carefree or voluptuous way of life.
survive subsist live exist support oneself; "he could barely exist on such a low wage"; "Can you live on $2000 a month in New York City?"; "Many people in the world have to subsist on $1 a day".
breathe be alive; "Every creature that breathes".
indwell to exist as an inner activating spirit, force, or principle.
freewheel drift live unhurriedly, irresponsibly, or freely; "My son drifted around for years in California before going to law school".
stay ride_out outride last_out hang on during a trial of endurance; "ride out the storm".
outstay surpass in staying power; "They outstayed their competitors".
make_sense add_up be reasonable or logical or comprehensible.
interlink interconnect complect be interwoven or interconnected; "The bones are interconnected via the muscle".
turn6 cause to change or turn into something different;assume new characteristics; "The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him"; "The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold".
govern require to be in a certain grammatical case, voice, or mood; "most transitive verbs govern the accusative case in German".
draw2 require a specified depth for floating; "This boat draws 70 inches".
bear have; "bear a resemblance"; "bear a signature".
co-star feature as the co-star in a performance.
sport feature boast wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner; "she was sporting a new hat".
possess have as an attribute, knowledge, or skill; "he possesses great knowledge about the Middle East".
miss lack be without; "This soup lacks salt"; "There is something missing in my jewelry box!".
consist comprise be composed of; "The land he conquered comprised several provinces"; "What does this dish consist of?".
mean imply entail have as a logical consequence; "The water shortage means that we have to stop taking long showers".
involve imply have as a necessary feature; "This decision involves many changes".
stick_around stick_about stand_by be available or ready for a certain function or service.
stick_by stick stand_by adhere be loyal to; "She stood by her husband in times of trouble"; "The friends stuck together through the war".
tarry mill_around mill_about mess_about lurk lounge lollygag loiter loaf linger lallygag hang_around footle be about; "The high school students like to loiter in the Central Square"; "Who is this man that is hanging around the department?".
prowl lurch loiter about, with no apparent aim.
skulk lurk lie in wait, lie in ambush, behave in a sneaky and secretive manner.
linger_over dwell_on delay.
scruple hesitate on moral grounds; "The man scrupled to perjure himself".
hold_out wait uncompromisingly for something desirable; "He held out for the dessert and did not touch the cheeses".
weigh press to be oppressive or burdensome; "weigh heavily on the mind", "Something pressed on his mind".
rate be worthy of or have a certain rating; "This bond rates highly".
merit deserve be worthy or deserving; "You deserve a promotion after all the hard work you have done".
have_it_coming deserve (either good or bad); "It's too bad he got fired, but he sure had it coming".
buy be worth or be capable of buying; "This sum will buy you a ride on the train".
possess enter into and control, as of emotions or ideas; "What possessed you to buy this house?"; "A terrible rage possessed her".
prevail obtain hold5 be valid, applicable, or true; "This theory still holds".
dowse douse wet thoroughly.
overpopulate cause to have too great a population; "Some towns in New Jersey are becoming overpopulated".
shine be clear and obvious; "A shining example".
room board live and take one's meals at or in; "she rooms in an old boarding house".
tally match jibe gibe fit correspond check agree be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide in their characteristics; "The two stories don't agree in many details"; "The handwriting checks with the signature on the check"; "The suspect's fingerprints don't match those on the gun".
look accord in appearance with; "You don't look your age!".
twin parallel duplicate duplicate or match; "The polished surface twinned his face and chest in reverse".
square be compatible with; "one idea squares with another".
go6 fit be the right size or shape; fit correctly or as desired; "This piece won't fit into the puzzle".
tessellate fit together exactly, of identical shapes; "triangles tessellate".
overlap coincide partially or wholly; "Our vacations overlap".
underpin support corroborate bear_out support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm; "The stories and claims were born out by the evidence".
rely_upon rely_on depend_upon depend_on put trust in with confidence; "she is someone you can really rely on when times get rough"; "you can rely on his discretion".
come_to_life be lifelike, as of a painting; "If you look at it long enough, this portrait comes to life!".
differ be different; "These two tests differ in only one respect".
counterpoint contrast to show differences when compared; be different; "the students contrast considerably in their artistic abilities".
meet fit conform_to satisfy a condition or restriction; "Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree?".
fit_the_bill fill_the_bill be what is needed or be good enough for what is required; "Does this restaurant fit the bill for the celebration?".
behove behoove be appropriate or necessary; "It behooves us to reflect on this matter".
go_a_long_way suffice or be adequate for a while or to a certain extent.
serve contribute or conduce to; "The scandal served to increase his popularity".
serve_well serve promote, benefit, or be useful or beneficial to; "Art serves commerce"; "Their interests are served"; "The lake serves recreation"; "The President's wisdom has served the country well".
satisfy live_up_to fulfill fulfil meet the requirements or expectations of.
touch0 rival match equal be equal to in quality or ability; "Nothing can rival cotton for durability"; "Your performance doesn't even touch that of your colleagues"; "Her persistence and ambition only matches that of her parents".
overcompensate cover5 compensate make up for shortcomings or a feeling of inferiority by exaggerating good qualities; "he is compensating for being a bad father".
rank outrank take precedence or surpass others in rank.
shine_at excel_at be good at; "She shines at math".
stick_out stand_out leap_out jump_out jump be highly noticeable.
make4 be or be capable of being changed or made into; "He makes a great host"; "He will make a fine father".
imitate appear like, as in behavior or appearance; "Life imitate art".
recall echo call to mind; "His words echoed John F. Kennedy".
hold5 go_for apply be pertinent or relevant or applicable; "The same laws apply to you!"; "This theory holds for all irrational numbers"; "The same rules go for everyone".
implicate bring into intimate and incriminating connection; "He is implicated in the scheme to defraud the government".
disinvolve disentangle disembroil free from involvement or entanglement; "How can I disentangle myself from her personal affairs?".
worry occupy interest concern be on the mind of; "I worry about the second Germanic consonant shift".
matter_to interest be of importance or consequence; "This matters to me!".
intrigue fascinate cause to be interested or curious.
qualify measure_up prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
run_out expire lose validity; "My passports expired last month".
subtend delimit be opposite to; of angles and sides, in geometry.
tower predominate loom hulk appear very large or occupy a commanding position; "The huge sculpture predominates over the fountain"; "Large shadows loomed on the canyon wall".
overhang beetle be suspended over or hang over; "This huge rock beetles over the edge of the town".
dote be foolish or senile due to old age.
characterize characterise be characteristic of; "What characterizes a Venetian painting?".
define determine the nature of; "What defines a good wine?".
typify epitomize epitomise embody the essential characteristics of or be a typical example of; "The fugue typifies Bach's style of composition".
suit beseem befit accord or comport with; "This kind of behavior does not suit a young woman!".
take8 hold8 contain be capable of holding or containing; "This box won't take all the items"; "The flask holds one gallon".
suit fit accommodate be agreeable or acceptable to; "This suits my needs".
outwear last longer than others; "This material outwears all others".
drag_out drag_on last unnecessarily long.
shillyshally be uncertain and vague.
lend_oneself apply be applicable to; as to an analysis; "This theory lends itself well to our new data".
spend pass0 pass time in a specific way; "how are you spending your summer vacation?".
vacation holiday spend or take a vacation.
hold_in enclose confine close in; darkness enclosed him".
swing drop3 dangle hang freely; "the ornaments dangled from the tree"; "The light dropped from the ceiling".
adhere be compatible or in accordance with; "You must adhere to the rules".
share have in common; "Our children share a love of music"; "The two countries share a long border".
discord disagree disaccord be different from one another.
yawn yaw gape be wide open; "the deep gaping canyon".
take_kindly_to be willing or inclined to accept; "He did not take kindly to my critical remarks".
tend run2 lean incline be_given have a tendency or disposition to do or be something; be inclined; "She tends to be nervous before her lectures"; "These dresses run small"; "He inclined to corpulence".
play2 be received or accepted or interpreted in a specific way; "This speech didn't play well with the American public"; "His remarks played to the suspicions of the committee".
suit become enhance the appearance of; "Mourning becomes Electra"; "This behavior doesn't suit you!".
relate interrelate be in a relationship with; "How are these two observations related?".
run range change or be different within limits; "Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion"; "Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent"; "The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals"; "My students range from very bright to dull".
compare be comparable; "This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes".
owe be indebted to, in an abstract or intellectual sense; "This new theory owes much to Einstein's Relativity Theory".
gravitate be attracted to; "Boys gravitate towards girls at that age".
pay be worth it; "It pays to go through the trouble".
shine be distinguished or eminent; "His talent shines".
go_far go_deep extend in importance or range; "His accomplishments go far".
suit be agreeable or acceptable; "This time suits me".
fit conform to some shape or size; "How does this shirt fit?".
lend have certain characteristics of qualities for something; be open or vulnerable to; "This story would lend itself well to serialization on television"; "The current system lends itself to great abuse".
partake have some of the qualities or attributes of something.
belong be suitable or acceptable; "This student somehow doesn't belong".
hold_one's_own be sufficiently competent in a certain situation; "He can hold his own in graduate school".
hang0 be exhibited; "Picasso hangs in this new wing of the museum".
range have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun; "This gun ranges over two miles".
take7 accept be designed to hold or take; "This surface will not take the dye".
clean be cleanable; "This stove cleans easily".
mean have a specified degree of importance; "My ex-husband means nothing to me"; "Happiness means everything".
wash be capable of being washed; "Does this material wash?".
act be suitable for theatrical performance; "This scene acts well".
beat2 be superior; "Reading beats watching television"; "This sure beats work!".
hold7 have as a major characteristic; "The novel holds many surprises"; "The book holds in store much valuable advise".
contain be divisible by; "24 contains 6".
sell be responsible for the sale of; "All her publicity sold the products".
sell be approved of or gain acceptance; "The new idea sold well in certain circles".
make1 be suitable for; "Wood makes good furniture".
grace embellish decorate deck beautify adorn be beautiful to look at; "Flowers adorned the tables everywhere".
ride be sustained or supported or borne; "His glasses rode high on his nose"; "The child rode on his mother's hips"; "She rode a wave of popularity"; "The brothers rode to an easy victory on their father's political name".
rime rhyme be similar in sound, especially with respect to the last syllable; "hat and cat rhyme".
consist have its essential character; be comprised or contained in; be embodied in; "The payment consists in food"; "What does love consist in?".
transplant be transplantable; "These delicate plants do not transplant easily".
recognize exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
distribute be mathematically distributive.
put_out be sexually active; "She is supposed to put out".
blaze burn brightly and intensely; "The summer sun alone can cause a pine to blaze".
glare be sharply reflected; "The moon glared back at itself from the lake's surface".
shine reflect be bright by reflecting or casting light; "Drive carefully--the wet road reflects".
sparkle scintillate coruscate reflect brightly; "Unquarried marble sparkled on the hillside".
glow burn shine intensely, as if with heat; "The coals were glowing in the dark"; "The candles were burning".
light_up clear_up clear brighten become clear; "The sky cleared after the storm".
deflagrate cause to burn rapidly and with great intensity; "care must be exercised when this substance is to be deflagrated".
