disarranged having the arrangement disturbed; not in order; "her disarranged hair".
disarrayed in disarray; "disarrayed bedclothes".
misplaced put in the wrong place or position; "She was penalized for a spelling mistake or a misplaced accent".
minded (used in combination) mentally oriented toward something specified; "civic-minded"; "career-minded".
unoriented not having position or goal definitely set or ascertained; "engaged in unoriented study"; "unoriented until she looked at the map".
disorienting causing loss of physical or intellectual bearings; "making so many turns to the right and then the left was completely disorienting"; "a sharp blow to the head can be disorienting".
confusing causing confusion or disorientation; "a confusing jumble of road signs"; "being hospitalized can be confusing and distressing for a small child".
stunning causing or capable of causing bewilderment or shock or insensibility; "laid the poor fellow senseless with one stunning blow"; "a stunning detonation with volumes of black smoke".
stupefying making physically stupid or dull or insensible; "a stupefying blow to the head"; "the stupefying effects of hemp".
freehanded freehand done by hand without mechanical aids or devices; "a freehand drawing".
underivative not derivative or imitative; "a natural underivative poet".
unoriginal not original; not being or productive of something fresh and unusual; "the manuscript contained unoriginal emendations"; "his life had been unoriginal, conforming completely to the given pattern"- Gwethalyn Graham.
well-worn trite tired timeworn threadbare stock shopworn old-hat hackneyed commonplace banal repeated too often; overfamiliar through overuse; "bromidic sermons"; "his remarks were trite and commonplace"; "hackneyed phrases"; "a stock answer"; "repeating threadbare jokes"; "parroting some timeworn axiom"; "the trite metaphor `hard as nails'".
platitudinous platitudinal corny bromidic dull and tiresome but with pretensions of significance or originality; "bromidic sermons".
ready-made cliched repeated regularly without thought or originality; "ready-made phrases".
stale moth-eaten dusty cold lacking originality or spontaneity; no longer new; "moth-eaten theories about race"; "stale news".
slavish blindly imitative; "a slavish copy of the original".
unorthodox breaking with convention or tradition; "an unorthodox lifestyle".
nonconformist nonconforming not conforming to established customs or doctrines especially in religion.
awninged covered with an awning; "with awninged windows on the west side".
blanketed covered with (or as if with) a blanket.
canopied covered with or as with a canopy; "a canopied bed"; "streets canopied by stately trees".
wrapped mantled draped clothed cloaked covered with or as if with clothes or a wrap or cloak; "leaf-clothed trees"; "fog-cloaked meadows"; "a beam draped with cobwebs"; "cloud-wrapped peaks".
splattered splashed spattered dabbled covered with bright patches (often used in combination); "waves dabbled with moonlight"; "a blood-spattered room"; "gardens splashed with color"; "kitchen walls splattered with grease".
drenched_in drenched abundantly covered or supplied with; often used in combination; "drenched in moonlight"; "moon-drenched meadows".
dusty dust-covered covered with a layer of dust; "a dusty pile of books".
moon-splashed splashed or covered patchily with moonlight; "the moon-splashed world".
mud-beplastered covered with or as if with mud; "mud-beplastered arguments".
peritrichous covered all over with uniformly distributed flagella.
overgrown covered with growing plants.
sealed covered with a waterproof coating; "a sealed driveway".
smothered completely covered; "bonnets smothered with flowers"; "smothered chicken is chicken cooked in a seasoned gravy".
snowy snow-covered snow-clad covered with snow; "snow-clad hills"; "snow-covered roads"; "a long snowy winter".
splashy covered with patches of bright color.
sun-drenched covered with sunlight; "sun-drenched beaches along the Riviera".
thickspread covered thickly; "toast thickspread with jam".
tiled covered or furnished with tiles; "baths with tiled walls"; "a tiled kitchen".
bare lacking its natural or customary covering; "a bare hill"; "bare feet".
denuded denudate bald without the natural or usual covering; "a bald spot on the lawn"; "bare hills".
undraped lacking drapery or draperies; "undraped windows".
coated having a coating; covered with an outer layer or film; often used in combination; "coated paper has a smooth polished coating especially suitable for halftone printing"; "sugar-coated pills".
oily coated or covered with oil; "oily puddles in the streets".
uncoated not having a coating; "uncoated paper".
roofed covered with a roof; having a roof as specified (often used in combination); "roofed picnic areas"; "a slate-roofed house"; "palmleaf-roofed huts".
roofless not having a roof; "the hurricane left hundreds of house roofless".
leafy having or covered with leaves; "leafy trees"; "leafy vegetables".
bowery like a bower; leafy and shady; "a bowery lane".
large-leaved large-leafed having relatively large leaves.
petallike petal-like resembling a petal.
defoliated defoliate deprived of leaves.
unlipped lipless without a lip or lips.
overt open6 open and observable; not secret or hidden; "an overt lie"; "overt hostility"; "overt intelligence gathering"; "open ballots".
barefaced bald with no effort to conceal; "a barefaced lie".
covert secret or hidden; not openly practiced or engaged in or shown or avowed; "covert actions by the CIA"; "covert funding for the rebels".
black0 (of intelligence operations) deliberately misleading; "black propaganda".
masked disguised cloaked having its true character concealed with the intent of misleading; "hidden agenda"; "masked threat".
ulterior subterraneous subterranean lying beyond what is openly revealed or avowed (especially being kept in the background or deliberately concealed); "subterranean motives for murder"; "looked too closely for an ulterior purpose in all knowledge"- Bertrand Russell.
unrevealed undisclosed not made known.
reply-paid with cost of reply prepaid by sender; "reply-paid postcard"; "reply-paid envelope".
unpaid not paid; "unpaid wages"; "an unpaid bill".
non-paying paying nothing; "non-paying guests"; "non-paying bidders on eBay".
rent-free complimentary; without payment of rent; "with the job came a rent-free apartment".
unsalaried uncompensated not paying a salary; "an uncompensated federal post".
painful causing physical or psychological pain; "worked with painful slowness".
achy aching causing a dull and steady pain; "my aching head"; "her old achy joints".
agonized agonised expressing pain or agony; "agonized screams".
torturous torturing torturesome harrowing excruciating agonizing agonising extremely painful.
bitter biting causing a sharply painful or stinging sensation; used especially of cold; "bitter cold"; "a biting wind".
galled chafed painful from having the skin abraded.
poignant keenly distressing to the mind or feelings; "poignant anxiety".
itchy causing an irritating cutaneous sensation; being affect with an itch; "he had an itchy toe from the mosquito bite".
wrenching racking causing great physical or mental suffering; "a wrenching pain".
saddle-sore (of a rider) sore after riding a horse.
tender sore sensitive raw hurting; "the tender spot on his jaw".
traumatic psychologically painful;"few experiences are more traumatic than losing a child";.
painless not causing physical or psychological pain; "painless dentistry".
painted coated with paint; "freshly painted lawn furniture".
varnished stained having a coating of stain or varnish.
whitewashed coated with whitewash; "miles of whitewashed fences".
unpainted not having a coat of paint or badly in need of a fresh coat; "an unpainted house"; "unpainted furniture".
unfinished bare lacking a surface finish such as paint; "bare wood"; "unfinished furniture".
unoiled not having oil rubbed into the surface.
unvarnished unstained not having a coating of stain or varnish.
rouged marked by the use of various kinds of red makeup; "freshly rouged lips"; "rouged cheeks".
unpainted not having makeup on; "her sweet unpainted face".
unrouged not wearing rouge; "unrouged lips".
undelineated not represented accurately or precisely.
unpictured undepicted not pictured.
undrawn not represented in a drawing.
unpaintable not paintable especially not suitable for artistic representation on canvas; "the inexpressible, unpaintable `tick' in the unconscious".
unpalatable not pleasant or acceptable to the taste or mind; "an unpalatable meal"; "unpalatable truths"; "unpalatable behavior".
brackish distasteful and unpleasant; spoiled by mixture; "a thin brackish gruel".
unsavoury unsavory distasteful not pleasing in odor or taste.
parallel being everywhere equidistant and not intersecting; "parallel lines never converge"; "concentric circles are parallel"; "dancers in two parallel rows".
antiparallel (especially of vectors) parallel but oppositely directed; "antiparallel vectors".
nonintersecting nonconvergent (of lines, planes, or surfaces) never meeting or crossing.
unpardonable not admitting of pardon; "unpardonable behavior".
mortal deadly involving loss of divine grace or spiritual death; "the seven deadly sins".
unforgivable inexcusable not excusable.
inexpiable incapable of being atoned for.
inexcusable without excuse or justification.
unwarranted unwarrantable unjustifiable insupportable indefensible incapable of being justified or explained.
daughterly befitting a daughter; "daughterly affection".
unbiassed unbiased indifferent characterized by a lack of partiality; "a properly indifferent jury"; "an unbiasgoted account of her family problems".
nonparticulate not composed of distinct particles.
untraversable incapable of being traversed.
rabid overzealous fanatical fanatic marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea; "rabid isolationist".
passionless not passionate; "passionless observation of human nature".
past earlier than the present time; no longer current; "time past"; "his youth is past"; "this past Thursday"; "the past year".
gone foregone departed bypast bygone well in the past; former; "bygone days"; "dreams of foregone times"; "sweet memories of gone summers"; "relics of a departed era".
previous late former (used especially of persons) of the immediate past; "the former president"; "our late President is still very active"; "the previous occupant of the White House".
last immediately past; "last Thursday"; "the last chapter we read".
other recently past; "the other evening".
prehistorical prehistoric belonging to or existing in times before recorded history; "prehistoric settlements"; "prehistoric peoples".
present temporal sense; intermediate between past and future; now existing or happening or in consideration; "the present leader"; "articles for present use"; "the present topic"; "the present system"; "present observations".
existing presently existing; "the existing system".
future yet to be or coming; "some future historian will evaluate him".
future_day yet to come; "a future-day Gibbon of Macaulay".
early expected in the near future; "look for an early end to the negotiations".
unborn not yet brought into existence; "unborn generations".
unparented parentless having no parent or parents or not cared for by parent surrogates.
orphaned deprived of parents by death or desertion.
fatherless having no living father.
motherless having no living or known mother.
motherly befitting a mother; warm and nurturing.
long-suffering enduring patiently bearing continual wrongs or trouble; "an enduring disposition"; "a long-suffering and uncomplaining wife".
impatient restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition; "impatient with the slower students"; "impatient of criticism".
restive impatient especially under restriction or delay; "the government has done nothing to ease restrictions and manufacturers are growing restive".
unforbearing unwilling to endure; "she was unforbearing with the slower students".
briefless (of lawyers or barristers) lacking clients.
unpackaged not packaged or put into packets; "unpackaged nuts".
loose1 not carefully arranged in a package; "a box of loose nails".
paved covered with a firm surface.
unpaved not having a paved surface.
caliche-topped covered with caliche, a hard calcium-carbonate encrusted soil.
un-american considered contrary to the best interests of the United States.
unpeaceful not peaceful; "unpeaceful times"; "an unpeaceful marriage".
tempestuous stormy characterized by violent emotions or behavior; "a stormy argument"; "a stormy marriage".
unpeaceable not disposed to peace.
repentant penitent feeling or expressing remorse for misdeeds.
ruthful rueful remorseful contrite feeling or expressing pain or sorrow for sins or offenses.
unrepentant unremorseful impenitent not penitent or remorseful.
sharp-sighted sharp-eyed quick-sighted keenly perceptive or alert; "quick-sighted into the faults of the time"- Leonard Bacon.
unperceptive unperceiving lacking perception; "as unperceptive as a boulder".
blind unable or unwilling to perceive or understand; "blind to a lover's faults"; "blind to the consequences of their actions".
unperceivable imperceptible impossible or difficult to perceive by the mind or senses; "an imperceptible drop in temperature"; "an imperceptible nod"; "color is unperceivable to the touch".
impalpable not perceptible to the touch; "an impalpable pulse".
incognoscible incognizable incapable of being perceived or known.
unobservable not accessible to direct observation.
clean (of a record) having no marks of discredit or offense; "a clean voting record"; "a clean driver's license".
impeccable immaculate faultless without fault or error; "faultless logic"; "speaks impeccable French"; "timing and technique were immaculate"; "an immaculate record".
unflawed flawless without a flaw; "a flawless gemstone".
undefiled uncorrupted (of language) not having its purity or excellence debased; "uncorrupted English"; "learn to speak pure English undefiled"- Van Wyck Brooks.
imperfect not perfect; defective or inadequate; "had only an imperfect understanding of his responsibilities"; "imperfect mortals"; "drainage here is imperfect".
broken imperfectly spoken or written; "broken English".
corrupted corrupt containing errors or alterations; "a corrupt text"; "spoke a corrupted version of the language".
irregular falling below the manufacturer's standard; "irregular jeans".
perishable liable to perish; subject to destruction or death or decay; "this minute and perishable planet"; "perishable foods such as butter and fruit".
spoilable putrescible putrefiable decayable liable to decay or spoil or become putrid.
imperishable not perishable.
imputrescible not subject to decay.
permanent lasting continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place; "permanent secretary to the president"; "permanent address"; "literature of permanent value".
standing not created for a particular occasion; "a standing committee".
evanescent tending to vanish like vapor; "evanescent beauty".
temporal not eternal; "temporal matters of but fleeting moment"- F.D.Roosevelt.
persistent lasting retained; not shed; "persistent leaves remain attached past maturity"; "the persistent gills of fishes".
irreversible incapable of being reversed; "irreversible momentum toward revolution".
permanent not capable of being reversed or returned to the original condition; "permanent brain damage".
double-faced (of fabrics) having faces on both sides; "damask is a double-faced fabric".
one-sided nonreversible not reversible or capable of having either side out.
irrevokable irrevocable incapable of being retracted or revoked; "firm and irrevocable is my doom"- Shakespeare.
impermissible not permitted; "impermissible behavior".
unmentionable unsuitable or forbidden as a topic of conversation; "unmentionable words".
untouchable forbidden to the touch; "in most museums such articles are untouchable".
admissible deserving to be admitted; "admissible evidence".
admittible admittable deserving to be allowed to enter.
inadmissible not deserving to be admitted; "inadmissible evidence".
impermissible not allowable.
permissive granting or inclined or able to grant permission; not strict in discipline; "direct primary legislation is largely permissive rather than prescriptive"; "permissive parents".
unpermissive not inclined to grant permission; severe in discipline.
preventive preventative tending to prevent or hinder.
deterrent tending to deter; "the deterrent effects of high prices".
precautionary precautional taken in advance to protect against possible danger or failure; "gave precautionary advice"; "I would take precautionary steps to keep him away".
prohibitory prohibitive tending to discourage (especially of prices); "the price was prohibitive".
perplexed full of difficulty or confusion or bewilderment; "perplexed language"; "perplexed state of the world".
puzzled nonplussed nonplused at_a_loss filled with bewilderment; "at a loss to understand those remarks"; "puzzled that she left without saying goodbye".
mixed-up mazed lost confused confounded bewildered bemused befuddled baffled at_sea perplexed by many conflicting situations or statements; filled with bewilderment; "obviously bemused by his questions"; "bewildered and confused"; "a cloudy and confounded philosopher"; "just a mixed-up kid"; "she felt lost on the first day of school".
quizzical questioning perplexed (as if being expected to know something that you do not know); "he had a quizzical expression".
unperplexed experiencing no difficulty or confusion or bewilderment.
unconfused unbaffled not perplexed by conflicting situations or statements.
face-to-face in each other's presence; "a face-to-face encounter".
impersonal not relating to or responsive to individual persons; "an impersonal corporation"; "an impersonal remark".
nonpersonal lacking personality; "nonpersonal forces".
warning monitory exemplary cautionary admonitory serving to warn; "shook a monitory finger at him"; "an exemplary jail sentence".
discouraging expressing disapproval.
impenetrable not admitting of penetration or passage into or through; "an impenetrable fortress"; "impenetrable rain forests".
porous able to absorb fluids; "the partly porous walls of our digestive system"; "compacting the soil to make it less porous".
semipermeable (of a membrane) selectively permeable.
retentive having the power, capacity, or quality of retaining water; "soils retentive of moisture".
impervious imperviable not admitting of passage or capable of being affected; "a material impervious to water"; "someone impervious to argument".
acid-fast not easily decolorized by acid solutions; pertains to micro-organisms (especially the tubercle bacillus that causes tuberculosis).
mothproof moth-resistant resistant to damage by moths.
proof (used in combination or as a suffix) able to withstand; "temptation-proof"; "childproof locks".
resistant impervious to being affected; "resistant to the effects of heat"; "resistant to persuasion".
corrosion-resistant impervious to corrosion; "he was a great believer in the corrosion-resistant qualities of cast iron".
rot-resistant resistant to rotting.
soundproof impervious to, or not penetrable by, sound; "a soundproof room".
punctureless being without punctures or incapable of being punctured.
mind-altering producing mood changes or distorted perception; "hallucinogenic drugs are mind-altering substances".
psychedelic producing distorted sensory perceptions and feelings or altered states of awareness or sometimes states resembling psychosis; "psychedelic drugs like psilocybin and mescaline".
nonpsychoactive not affecting the mind or mental processes; "a nonpsychoactive pain reliever".
psychogenic mental or emotional rather than physiological in origin; "a psychogenic disorder".
psychological mental or emotional as opposed to physical in nature; "give psychological support"; "psychological warfare".
impious lacking piety or reverence for a god.
irreverent godless not revering god.
irreligious hostile or indifferent to religion.
unbelieving atheistical atheistic rejecting any belief in gods.
pagan heathenish heathen ethnic not acknowledging the God of Christianity and Judaism and Islam.
nonchurchgoing lapsed no longer active or practicing; "a lapsed Catholic".
mitigable capable of being alleviated.
unrelenting unforgiving unappeasable stern relentless inexorable grim not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty; "grim determination"; "grim necessity"; "Russia's final hour, it seemed, approached with inexorable certainty"; "relentless persecution"; "the stern demands of parenthood".
unmitigable incapable of being mitigated; "stern and unmitigable accusations".
unpatterned plain lacking patterns especially in color.
banded marked with bands or strips of contrasting color or texture; "a banded rock".
black-marked having black marks.
brownish-speckled brown-speckled having brown speckles.
lentiginous lentiginose freckled relating to or covered with or resembling freckles.
ringed having colored rings around the body.
sprigged decorated with designs of sprigs; "sprigged muslin".
tessellated having a checkered or mottled appearance.
yellow-banded having yellow bands.
yellow-marked having yellow marks.
yellow-spotted having yellow spots.
plain not elaborate or elaborated; simple; "plain food"; "stuck to the plain facts"; "a plain blue suit"; "a plain rectangular brick building".
stern stark severe austere severely simple; "a stark interior".
simple mere bare apart from anything else; without additions or modifications; "only the bare facts"; "shocked by the mere idea"; "the simple passage of time was enough"; "the simple truth".
dry3 (of food) eaten without a spread or sauce or other garnish; "dry toast"; "dry meat".
dry2 having no adornment or coloration; "dry facts"; "rattled off the facts in a dry mechanical manner".
literal avoiding embellishment or exaggeration (used for emphasis); "it's the literal truth".
simple unornamented; "a simple country schoolhouse"; "her black dress--simple to austerity".
fancy not plain; decorative or ornamented; "fancy handwriting"; "fancy clothes".
florid flamboyant aureate elaborately or excessively ornamented; "flamboyant handwriting"; "the senator's florid speech".
churrigueresque churrigueresco baroque having elaborate symmetrical ornamentation; "the building...frantically baroque"-William Dean Howells.
dressy in fancy clothing.
crackle having the surface decorated with a network of fine cracks, as in crackleware; "a crackle glaze".
damascene (of metals) decorated or inlaid with a wavy pattern of different (especially precious) metals; "a damascened sword".
lacy lacelike made of or resembling lace; "a lacy gown"; "a lacy leaf".
puffed puff gathered for protruding fullness; "puff sleeves".
rococo having excessive asymmetrical ornamentation; "an exquisite gilded rococo mirror".
unplanned without apparent forethought or prompting or planning; "an unplanned economy"; "accepts an unplanned order"; "an unplanned pregnancy"; "unplanned remarks".
casual without or seeming to be without plan or method; offhand; "a casual remark"; "information collected by casual methods and in their spare time".
unpremeditated not prepared or planned in advance; "asked an unpremeditated question".
unstudied uncontrived not by design or artifice; unforced and impromptu; "an air of unstudied spontaneous utterance is apt to be painstakingly achieved"; "simple unstudied charm".
candid informal or natural; especially caught off guard or unprepared; "a candid photograph"; "a candid interview".
slick pat glib having only superficial plausibility; "glib promises"; "a slick commercial".
implausible having a quality that provokes disbelief; "gave the teacher an implausible excuse".
unlikely unconvincing unbelievable improbable having a probability too low to inspire belief.
unpleasant disagreeable to the senses, to the mind, or feelings ; "an unpleasant personality"; "unpleasant repercussions"; "unpleasant odors".
vitriolic virulent sulphurous sulfurous caustic blistering bitter acrid acid acerbic acerb harsh or corrosive in tone; "an acerbic tone piercing otherwise flowery prose"; "a barrage of acid comments"; "her acrid remarks make her many enemies"; "bitter words"; "blistering criticism"; "caustic jokes about political assassination, talk-show hosts and medical ethics"; "a sulfurous denunciation"; "a vitriolic critique".
hellish god-awful beastly very unpleasant; "hellish weather"; "stop that god-awful racket".
dreadful very unpleasant.
mortifying embarrassing causing to feel shame or chagrin or vexation; "the embarrassing moment when she found her petticoat down around her ankles"; "it was mortifying to know he had heard every word".
rough3 harsh unpleasantly stern; "wild and harsh country full of hot sand and cactus"; "the nomad life is rough and hazardous".
harsh disagreeable to the senses; "the harsh cry of a blue jay"; "harsh cognac"; "the harsh white light makes you screw up your eyes"; "harsh irritating smoke filled the hallway".
hot2 very unpleasant or even dangerous; "make it hot for him"; "in the hot seat"; "in hot water".
sore painful afflictive causing misery or pain or distress; "it was a sore trial to him"; "the painful process of growing up".
repellent repellant rebarbative serving or tending to repel; "he became rebarbative and prickly and spiteful"; "I find his obsequiousness repellent".
tart sharp-worded sharp harsh; "sharp criticism"; "a sharp-worded exchange"; "a tart remark".
ungrateful disagreeable; "I will not perform the ungrateful task of comparing cases of failure"- Abraham Lincoln.
unhappy causing discomfort; "the unhappy truth".
entertained diverted amused pleasantly occupied; "We are not amused" -Queen Victoria.
displeased not pleased; experiencing or manifesting displeasure.
stung steamed roiled riled pissed_off pissed peeved nettled miffed irritated annoyed aroused to impatience or anger; "made an irritated gesture"; "feeling nettled from the constant teasing"; "peeved about being left out"; "felt really pissed at her snootiness"; "riled no end by his lies"; "roiled by the delay".
frowning showing displeasure or anger.
pained offended hurt or upset; "she looked offended"; "face had a pained and puzzled expression".
displeasing causing displeasure or lacking pleasing qualities.
upsetting disconcerting causing an emotional disturbance; "his disconcerting habit of greeting friends ferociously and strangers charmingly"- Herb Caen; "an upsetting experience".
vexing maddening infuriating exasperating extremely annoying or displeasing; "his cavelier curtness of manner was exasperating"; "I've had an exasperating day"; "her infuriating indifference"; "the ceaseless tumult of the jukebox was maddening".
off-putting causing annoyance or repugnance; "an off-putting remark".
spikelike resembling a spike.
unpointed pointless not having a point especially a sharp point; "my pencils are all pointless".
unpolished not carefully reworked or perfected or made smooth by polishing; "dull unpolished shoes".
raw untempered and unrefined; "raw talent"; "raw beauty".
rough2 not perfected; "a rough draft"; "a few rough sketches".
unburnished of metals e.g.; not made shiny and smooth by friction.
impolitic not politic; "an impolitic approach to a sensitive issue".
unwise inexpedient not appropriate to the purpose.
semipolitical political in some (but not all) aspects.
imponderable difficult or impossible to evaluate with precision; "such imponderable human factors as aesthetic sensibility".
anti not in favor of (an action or proposal etc.).
negative characterized by or displaying negation or denial or opposition or resistance; having no positive features; "a negative outlook on life"; "a colorless negative personality"; "a negative evaluation"; "a negative reaction to an advertising campaign".
counter antagonistic indicating opposition or resistance.
perverse marked by a disposition to oppose and contradict; "took perverse satisfaction in foiling her plans".
neutral possessing no distinctive quality or characteristics.
viewless not having or expressing opinions or views.
minus on the negative side or lower end of a scale; "minus 5 degrees"; "a grade of B minus".
negative less than zero; "a negative number".
negative disconfirming not indicating the presence of microorganisms or disease or a specific condition; "the HIV test was negative".
gram-negative (of bacteria) being of or relating to a bacterium that does not retain the violet stain used in Gram's method.
contingent possible but not certain to occur; "they had to plan for contingent expenses".
impossible not capable of occurring or being accomplished or dealt with; "an impossible dream"; "an impossible situation".
unworkable unfeasible infeasible impracticable not capable of being carried out or put into practice; "refloating the sunken ship proved impracticable because of its fragility"; "a suggested reform that was unfeasible in the prevailing circumstances".
out not worth considering as a possibility; "a picnic is out because of the weather".
unrealizable undoable unattainable unachievable impossible to achieve; "an unattainable goal".
impotent lacking power or ability; "Technology without morality is barbarous; morality without technology is impotent"- Freeman J.Dyson; "felt impotent rage".
unable ineffectual ineffective lacking in power or forcefulness; "an ineffectual ruler"; "like an unable phoenix in hot ashes".
impuissant lacking physical strength or vigor.
impotent (of a male) unable to copulate.
muscular having or suggesting great physical power or force; "the muscular and passionate Fifth Symphony".
powerless lacking power.
nerveless feeble lacking strength; "a weak, nerveless fool, devoid of energy and promptitude"- Nathaniel Hawthorne.
incapacitated helpless lacking in or deprived of strength or power; "lying ill and helpless"; "helpless with laughter".
weak not having authority, political strength, or governing power; "a weak president".
unpowered not having or using power; "an autogiro is supported in flight by unpowered rotating wings".
important authoritative having authority or ascendancy or influence; "an important official"; "the captain's authoritative manner".
uninfluential not influential.
soil-building (of crops) planted to improve the quality of the soil.
unplanted not planted.
uncropped not used for growing crops; "uncropped soil".
plowed ploughed (of farmland) broken and turned over with a plow; "plowed fields".
tilled turned or stirred by plowing or harrowing or hoeing; "tilled land ready for seed".
untilled not plowed or harrowed or hoed; "untilled land".
uncultivatable uncultivable not suitable for cultivation or tilling; "thickets of indigenous trees...on uncultivable land"- C.B.Palmer.
unpotted not planted in pots.
impractical not practical; not workable or not given to practical matters; "refloating the ship proved impractical because of the expense"; "he is intelligent but too impractical for commercial work"; "an impractical solution".
meshuggener meshuggeneh meshugge meshugga meshuga senseless; crazy.
wild-eyed romantic quixotic not sensible about practical matters; idealistic and unrealistic; "as quixotic as a restoration of medieval knighthood"; "a romantic disregard for money"; "a wild-eyed dream of a world state".
unfunctional not related to or suitable for everyday needs or activities.
imprecise not precise; "imprecise astronomical observations"; "the terms he used were imprecise and emotional".
general somewhat indefinite; "bearing a general resemblance to the original"; "a general description of the merchandise".
advanced farther along in physical or mental development; "the child's skeletal age was classified as `advanced'"; "children in the advanced classes in elementary school read far above grade average".
retarded relatively slow in mental or emotional or physical development; "providing a secure and sometimes happy life for the retarded".
cretinous afflicted with cretinism.
delayed not as far along as normal in development.
unpredictable not capable of being foretold.
unforeseeable incapable of being anticipated; "unforeseeable consequences".
unpremeditated not premeditated.
unprepared without preparation; not prepared for; "unprepared remarks"; "the shock was unprepared"; "our treaty makers approached their immensely difficult problems unprepared"- R.E.Danielson.
unrehearsed offhanded offhand off-the-cuff impromptu extempore extemporary extemporaneous ad-lib with little or no preparation or forethought; "his ad-lib comments showed poor judgment"; "an extemporaneous piano recital"; "an extemporary lecture"; "an extempore skit"; "an impromptu speech"; "offhand excuses"; "trying to sound offhanded and reassuring"; "an off-the-cuff toast"; "a few unrehearsed comments".
over-the-counter nonprescription purchasable without a doctor's prescription; "nonprescription drugs"; "an over-the-counter cold remedy".
existing existing in something specified; "depletion of the oxygen existing in the bloodstream".
naturally_occurring existing by nature and without artificial aid; "one of the 93 naturally occurring chemical elements".
absent not being in a specified place.
introuvable impossible to find; "the book is practically introuvable".
truant awol absent without permission; "truant schoolboys"; "the soldier was AWOL for almost a week".
unpretentious unpretending unostentatious not ostentatious; "his unostentatious office"; "unostentatious elegance".
restrained quiet not showy or obtrusive; "clothes in quiet good taste".
arty showily imitative of art or artists.
portentous pontifical pompous overblown grandiloquent puffed up with vanity; "a grandiloquent and boastful manner"; "overblown oratory"; "a pompous speech"; "pseudo-scientific gobbledygook and pontifical hooey"- Newsweek.
jumped-up (British informal) upstart.
sententious abounding in or given to pompous or aphoristic moralizing; "too often the significant episode deteriorates into sententious conversation"- Kathleen Barnes.
unpretentious lacking pretension or affectation; "an unpretentious country church"; "her quiet unpretentious demeanor".
honest without pretensions; "worked at an honest trade"; "good honest food".
unpompous not pompous.
original (of e.g. information) not secondhand or by way of something intermediary; "his work is based on only original, not secondary, sources".
secondary being of second rank or importance or value; not direct or immediate; "the stone will be hauled to a secondary crusher"; "a secondary source"; "a secondary issue"; "secondary streams".
indirect not as a direct effect or consequence; "indirect benefits"; "an indirect advantage".
secondhand derived from what is primary or original; not firsthand; "a secondhand report"; "a secondhand account of a memory of something once read"; "most of our knowledge is secondhand".
thirdhand derived from what is primary or original by two intermediate steps; "a thirdhand report".
vicarious experienced at secondhand; "read about mountain climbing and felt vicarious excitement".
peripheral related to the key issue but not of central importance; "a peripheral interest"; "energy is far from a peripheral issue in the economy"; "peripheral issues".
secondary depending on or incidental to what is original or primary; "a secondary infection".
private confined to particular persons or groups or providing privacy; "a private place"; "private discussions"; "private lessons"; "a private club"; "a private secretary"; "private property"; "the former President is now a private citizen"; "public figures struggle to maintain a private life".
closed-door not open to the public; "a closed-door meeting".
insular suggestive of the isolated life of an island; "an exceedingly insular man; so deeply private as to seem inaccessible to the scrutiny of a novelist"- Leonard Michaels.
nonpublic not invested with or related to prominent position or status etc..
public not private; open to or concerning the people as a whole; "the public good"; "public libraries"; "public funds"; "public parks"; "a public scandal"; "public gardens"; "performers and members of royal families are public figures".
underprivileged lacking the rights and advantages of other members of society.
disadvantaged deprived marked by deprivation especially of the necessities of life or healthful environmental influences; "a childhood that was unhappy and deprived, the family living off charity"; "boys from a deprived environment, wherein the family life revealed a pattern of neglect, moral degradation, and disregard for law".
underclass belonging to the lowest and least privileged social stratum; "underclass mothers and children".
unproductive not producing or capable of producing; "elimination of high-cost or unproductive industries".
vain sleeveless futile fruitless bootless unproductive of success; "a fruitless search"; "futile years after her artistic peak"; "a sleeveless errand"; "a vain attempt".
dry1 unproductive especially of the expected results; "a dry run"; "a mind dry of new ideas".
consumptive tending to consume or use often wastefully; "water suitable for beneficial consumptive uses"; "duties consumptive of time and energy"; "consumptive fires".
unreproducible irreproducible impossible to reproduce or duplicate.
inimitable defying imitation; matchless; "an inimitable style".
nonprofessional not professional; not engaged in a profession or engaging in as a profession or for gain; "the nonprofessional wives of his male colleagues"; "nonprofessional actors".
lay not of or from a profession; "a lay opinion as to the cause of the disease".
unprofessional not characteristic of or befitting a profession or one engaged in a profession; "described in unprofessional language so that high school students could understand it"; "was censured for unprofessional conduct"; "unprofessional repairs".
unprofitable producing little or no profit or gain; "deposits abandoned by mining companies as unprofitable".
idle dead not yielding a return; "dead capital"; "idle funds".
lean not profitable or prosperous; "a lean year".
marginal producing at a rate that barely covers production costs; "marginal industries".
unremunerative not yielding profit or recompense; "an unremunerative occupation".
superficial concerned with or comprehending only what is apparent or obvious; not deep or penetrating emotionally or intellectually; "superficial similarities"; "a superficial mind"; "his thinking was superficial and fuzzy"; "superficial knowledge"; "the superficial report didn't give the true picture"; "only superficial differences".
facile arrived at without due care or effort; lacking depth; "too facile a solution for so complex a problem".
sounding looking appearing to be as specified; usually used as combining forms; "left their clothes dirty looking"; "a most disagreeable looking character"; "angry-looking"; "liquid-looking"; "severe-looking policemen on noble horses"; "fine-sounding phrases"; "taken in by high-sounding talk".
prognathous prognathic hypognathous having a projecting lower jaw.
retrogressive retrograde going from better to worse.
unmodernized unmodernised not brought up to date.
unpronounceable impossible or difficult to pronounce correctly.
improper not suitable or right or appropriate; "slightly improper to dine alone with a married man"; "improper medication"; "improper attire for the golf course".
untoward unseemly uncomely unbecoming indecorous indecent not in keeping with accepted standards of what is right or proper in polite society; "was buried with indecent haste"; "indecorous behavior"; "language unbecoming to a lady"; "unseemly to use profanity"; "moved to curb their untoward ribaldry".
out-of-the-way improper or even offensive; "out-of-the-way remarks".
wrong incorrect not in accord with established usage or procedure; "the wrong medicine"; "the wrong way to shuck clams"; "it is incorrect for a policeman to accept gifts".
prophetical prophetic foretelling events as if by supernatural intervention; "prophetic writings"; "prophetic powers"; "words that proved prophetic".
revelatory apocalyptical apocalyptic prophetic of devastation or ultimate doom.
second-sighted precognitive clairvoyant foreseeing the future.
premonitory precursory warning of future misfortune.
potential likely expected to become or be; in prospect; "potential clients".
protected kept safe or defended from danger or injury or loss; "the most protected spot I could find".
shielded (used especially of machinery) protected by a shield to prevent injury.
stormproof protected against or able to withstand storms.
unprotected lacking protection or defense.
open exposed with no protection or shield; "the exposed northeast frontier"; "open to the weather"; "an open wound".
naked defenseless having no protecting or concealing cover; "naked to mine enemies"- Shakespeare.
prophylactic cautionary warding off; "the swastika...a very ancient prophylactic symbol occurring among all peoples"- Victor Schultze.
evasive avoiding or escaping from difficulty or danger especially enemy fire; "pilots are taught to take evasive action".
overprotective overly protective; "overprotective parents".
protecting shielding (or designed to shield) against harm or discomfort; "the protecting blanket of snow"; "a protecting alibi".
unprotective not affording protection.
beaming pleased and proud; "beaming parents".
vainglorious swelled big feeling self-importance; "too big for his britches"; "had a swelled head"; "he was swelled with pride".
uppish too_big_for_one's_breeches stuck-up snotty snot-nosed snooty persnickety bigheaded (used colloquially) overly conceited or arrogant; "a snotty little scion of a degenerate family"-Laurent Le Sage; "they're snobs--stuck-up and uppity and persnickety".
self-aggrandizing self-aggrandising crowing cock-a-hoop braggy bragging braggart boastful big exhibiting self-importance; "big talk".
vain swollen-headed swollen self-conceited egotistical egotistic conceited characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance; "a conceited fool"; "an attitude of self-conceited arrogance"; "an egotistical disregard of others"; "so swollen by victory that he was unfit for normal duty"; "growing ever more swollen-headed and arbitrary"; "vain about her clothes".
house-proud proud of your house or its furnishings or upkeep.
overproud excessively proud.
purse-proud proud or arrogant because of your wealth (especially in the absence of other distinction).
humble marked by meekness or modesty; not arrogant or prideful; "a humble apology"; "essentially humble...and self-effacing, he achieved the highest formal honors and distinctions"- B.K.Malinowski.
low humiliated humbled crushed broken subdued or brought low in condition or status; "brought low"; "a broken man"; "his broken spirit".
unverified lacking proof or substantiation.
improvident not provident; not providing for the future.
unforesightful shortsighted short myopic lacking foresight or scope; "a short view of the problem"; "shortsighted policies"; "shortsighted critics derided the plan"; "myopic thinking".
thriftless careless of the future.
unforethoughtful lacking forethought.
provoking agitative agitating causing or tending to cause anger or resentment; "a provoking delay at the airport".
noninflammatory not inflammatory.
imprudent not prudent or wise; "very imprudent of her mother to encourage her in such silly romantic ideas"; "would be imprudent for a noneconomist to talk about the details of economic policy"- A.M.Schlesinger.
shortsighted improvident ill-judged ill-considered not given careful consideration; "ill-considered actions often result in disaster"; "an ill-judged attempt".
injudicious lacking or showing lack of judgment or discretion; unwise; "an injudicious measure"; "the result of an injudicious decision".
tardy late belated after the expected or usual time; delayed; "a belated birthday card"; "I'm late for the plane"; "the train is late"; "tardy children are sent to the principal"; "always tardy in making dental appointments".
nighted benighted overtaken by night or darkness; "benighted (or nighted) travelers hurrying toward home".
punished subjected to a penalty (as pain or shame or restraint or loss) for an offense or fault or in order to coerce some behavior (as a confession or obedience).
tarred-and-feathered smeared with tar and covered with feathers as a punishment; "the poor tarred-and-feathered wretch".
unpunished not punished; "would he forget the crime and let it go unpunished?".
undisciplined uncorrected not subjected to correction or discipline; "let her children grow up uncorrected".
punitory punitive inflicting punishment; "punitive justice"; "punitive damages".
rehabilitative designed to accomplish rehabilitation; "from a penal to a rehabilitative philosophy"- J.B.Costello; "rehabilitative treatment".
full-blooded full-blood blooded of unmixed ancestry; "full-blooded Native American"; "blooded Jersies".
bigeneric resulting from a cross between species of different genera.
underbred of inferior or mixed breed; "an underbred dog".
axenic (used of cultures of microorganisms) completely free from other organisms; "an axenic culture".
unmixed unmingled sheer plain not mixed with extraneous elements; "plain water"; "sheer wine"; "not an unmixed blessing".
unadulterated not mixed with impurities; "unadulterated maple syrup".
unalloyed free from admixture; "unalloyed metal"; "unalloyed pleasure".
virginal untouched or undefiled; "nor is there anything more virginal than the shimmer of young foliage"- L.P.Smith.
impure combined with extraneous elements.
debased adulterated adulterate mixed with impurities.
alloyed (used of metals) debased by mixture with an inferior element.
polluted contaminated rendered unwholesome by contaminants and pollution; "had to boil the contaminated water"; "polluted lakes and streams".
muddy muddied dirty dingy (of color) discolored by impurities; not bright and clear; "dirty" is often used in combination; "a dirty (or dingy) white"; "the muddied grey of the sea"; "muddy colors"; "dirty-green walls"; "dirty-blonde hair".
unpurified not made pure.
uncontaminated not corrupted by contact or association; "there is no culture uncontaminated by contact with the outside world".
earnest businesslike not distracted by anything unrelated to the goal.
purposeless not evidencing any purpose or goal.
unqualified not meeting the proper standards and requirements and training.
quack medically unqualified; "a quack doctor".
untrained not disciplined or conditioned or made adept by training; "an untrained voice"; "untrained troops"; "young minds untrained in the habit of concentration".
undisciplined not subjected to discipline; "undisciplined talent".
weasel-worded hedged evasively worded in order to avoid an unqualified statement.
modified limited mediocre.
unconditional flat categorical categoric not modified or restricted by reservations; "a categorical denial"; "a flat refusal".
cool (used of a number or sum) without exaggeration or qualification; "a cool million bucks".
unlimited straight-out outright without reservation or exception.
duodecimal based on twelve; "the duodecimal number system".
supposed so-called alleged doubtful or suspect; "these so-called experts are no help".
in_question dubitable dubious doubtful open to doubt or suspicion; "the candidate's doubtful past"; "he has a dubious record indeed"; "what one found uncertain the other found dubious or downright false"; "it was more than dubitable whether the friend was as influential as she thought"- Karen Horney.
equivocal open to question; "aliens of equivocal loyalty"; "his conscience reproached him with the equivocal character of the union into which he had forced his son"-Anna Jameson.
suspicious suspect shady funny fishy not as expected; "there was something fishy about the accident"; "up to some funny business"; "some definitely queer goings-on"; "a shady deal"; "her motives were suspect"; "suspicious behavior".
unquestionable incapable of being questioned; "unquestionable authority".
for_sure not open to doubt; "she wanted to go; that was for sure".
unimpeachable beyond doubt or reproach; "an unimpeachable source".
still soundless silent marked by absence of sound; "a silent house"; "soundless footsteps on the grass"; "the night was still".
vociferous strident clamorous clamant blatant conspicuously and offensively loud; given to vehement outcry; "blatant radios"; "a clamorous uproar"; "strident demands"; "a vociferous mob".
uproarious rip-roaring rackety uncontrollably noisy.
thundering sounding like thunder; "the thundering herd".
uneasy restless lacking or not affording physical or mental rest; "a restless night"; "she fell into an uneasy sleep".
quiet characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity; "a quiet life"; "a quiet throng of onlookers"; "quiet peace-loving people"; "the factions remained quiet for almost 10 years".
quiescent marked by a state of tranquil repose; "the quiescent melancholy of the town".
unquiet characterized by unrest or disorder; "unquiet days of riots"; "following the assassination of Martin Luter King ours was an unquiet nation"; "spent an unquiet night tossing and turning".
turbulent tumultuous troubled riotous disruptive characterized by unrest or disorder or insubordination; "effects of the struggle will be violent and disruptive"; "riotous times"; "these troubled areas"; "the tumultuous years of his administration"; "a turbulent and unruly childhood".
squally squalling characterized by short periods of noisy commotion; "a home life that has been extraordinarily squally".
nonrandom not random.
irrational not consistent with or using reason; "irrational fears"; "irrational animals".
unreasoning blind not based on reason or evidence; "blind hatred"; "blind faith"; "unreasoning panic".
reasonless not endowed with the capacity to reason; "a reasonless brute".
nonrational not based on reason; "there is a great deal that is nonrational in modern culture".
racist based on racial intolerance; "racist remarks".
inactive (chemistry) not participating in a chemical reaction; chemically inert; "desired amounts of inactive chlorine".
noble inert especially toward oxygen; "a noble gas such as helium or neon"; "noble metals include gold and silver and platinum".
stable not taking part readily in chemical change.
unready not prepared or in a state of readiness; slow to understand or respond; "she cursed her unready tongue".
flat-footed unprepared and unable to react quickly; "the new product caught their competitors flat-footed".
unreal lacking in reality or substance or genuineness; not corresponding to acknowledged facts or criteria; "ghosts and other unreal entities"; "unreal propaganda serving as news".
dreamed conceived of or imagined or hoped for; "his dreamed symphony that would take the world of music by storm".
trompe-l'oeil eye-deceiving creating the illusion of seeing reality; "the visual deception of trompe-l'oeil art".
legendary fabled celebrated in fable or legend; "the fabled Paul Bunyan and his blue ox"; "legendary exploits of Jesse James".
mythological mythologic mythical mythic fabulous based on or told of in traditional stories; lacking factual basis or historical validity; "mythical centaurs"; "the fabulous unicorn".
notional imaginary fanciful not based on fact; unreal; "the falsehood about some fanciful secret treaties"- F.D.Roosevelt; "a small child's imaginary friends"; "to create a notional world for oneself".
fantastical fantastic existing in fancy only; "fantastic figures with bulbous heads the circumference of a bushel"- Nathaniel Hawthorne.
hallucinatory characterized by or characteristic of hallucination ; "the bizarre hallucinatory dreams of fever"- Jean Stafford.
illusionary illusional marked by or producing illusion; "illusionary stage effects".
pretend make-believe imagined as in a play; "the make-believe world of theater"; "play money"; "dangling their legs in the water to catch pretend fish".
unreal not actually such; being or seeming fanciful or imaginary; "this conversation is getting more and more unreal"; "the fantastically unreal world of government bureaucracy"; "the unreal world of advertising art".
delusory deceptive causing one to believe what is not true or fail to believe what is true; "deceptive calm"; "a delusory pleasure".
phantom something apparently sensed but having no physical reality; "seemed to hear faint phantom bells"; "the amputee's illusion of a phantom limb".
unrealistic not realistic; "unrealistic expectations"; "prices at unrealistic high levels".
chimerical produced by a wildly fanciful imagination; "his Utopia is not a chimerical commonwealth but a practical improvement on what already exists"- Douglas Bush.
false delusive inappropriate to reality or facts; "delusive faith in a wonder drug"; "delusive expectations"; "false hopes".
surrealistic surreal phantasmagorical phantasmagoric characterized by fantastic imagery and incongruous juxtapositions; "a great concourse of phantasmagoric shadows"--J.C.Powys; "the incongruous imagery in surreal art and literature".
counterintuitive contrary to what common sense would suggest.
untenable indefensible (of theories etc) incapable of being defended or justified.
senseless reasonless mindless not marked by the use of reason; "mindless violence"; "reasonless hostility"; "a senseless act".
unwarranted unjustified undue lacking justification or authorization; "desire for undue private profit"; "unwarranted limitations of personal freedom".
bilateral affecting or undertaken by two parties; "a bilateral agreement between the United States and Japan".
trilateral involving three parties; "trilateral talks".
correlative expressing a reciprocal or complementary relation; "correlative conjunctions".
nonreciprocal not reciprocal.
nonreciprocating not moving alternately forward and backward.
unrequited unreciprocated unanswered not returned in kind; "unrequited (unanswered) love".
swinish oafish neanderthal neandertal loutish boorish ill-mannered and coarse and contemptible in behavior or appearance; "was boorish and insensitive"; "the loutish manners of a bully"; "her stupid oafish husband"; "aristocratic contempt for the swinish multitude".
crass (of persons) so unrefined as to be lacking in discrimination and sensibility.
yokelish underbred rude lowbred ill-bred bounderish (of persons) lacking in refinement or grace.
low unrefined in character; "low comedy".
robust rough and crude; "a robust tale".
rough-spoken rude or uncouth in speech.
ungentlemanly ungentlemanlike not befitting a gentleman.
unprocessed not altered from an original or natural state; "unprocessed commodities".
unvulcanized unvulcanised (used of rubber) not subjected to the process of vulcanization.
refined processed freed from impurities by processing; "refined sugar"; "refined oil"; "to gild refined gold"- Shakespeare.
unrefined unprocessed crude not refined or processed; "unrefined ore"; "crude oil".
activated (of sewage) treated with aeration and bacteria to aid decomposition.
doped treated or impregnated with a foreign substance.
proofed treated so as to become resistant; "rust-proofed automobiles"; "shrink-proofed fabrics".
untreated not subjected to chemical or physical treatment; "an untreated fabric".
raw not processed or refined; "raw sewage".
oiled treated with oil; "oiled country roads"; "an oiled walnut table".
unoiled in need of oil treatment; "dusty unoiled roads"; "a dull unoiled table".
treated given medical care or treatment; "a treated cold is usually gone in 14 days; if left untreated it lasts two weeks".
bound bandaged covered or wrapped with a bandage; "the bandaged wound on the back of his head"; "an injury bound in fresh gauze".
untreated not given medical care or treatment; "an untreated disease"; "the untreated wounded lay on makeshift cots".
unrecoverable irrecoverable incapable of being recovered or regained.
unretrievable irretrievable impossible to recover or recoup or overcome; "an irretrievable loss"; "irretrievable errors in judgment".
lost incapable of being recovered or regained; "his lost honor".
regenerate reformed spiritually or morally; "a regenerate sinner"; "regenerate by redemption from error or decay".
reborn converted born-again spiritually reborn or converted; "a born-again Christian".
unregenerated unregenerate not reformed morally or spiritually; "unregenerate human nature"; "unregenerate conservatism".
unpersuaded unconverted not converted.
unregistered not registered; "an unregistered citizen".
unlisted not having your name entered on a voting list; "an unlisted voter".
unregistered (of animals) not recorded with or certified by an official breed association; "unregistered dairy cattle".
uniform evenly spaced; "at regular (or uniform) intervals".
weak (used of verbs) having standard (or regular) inflection.
irregular contrary to rule or accepted order or general practice; "irregular hiring practices".
crooked asymmetrical irregular in shape or outline; "asymmetrical features"; "a dress with a crooked hemline".
unlawful unconventional improper not conforming to legality, moral law, or social convention; "an unconventional marriage"; "improper banking practices".
strong of verbs not having standard (or regular) inflection; "`sing' is a strong verb".
unregulated not regulated; not subject to rule or discipline; "unregulated off-shore fishing".
irremediable impossible to remedy or correct or redress; "an irremediable error"; "irremediable defects of character".
unrentable not able or fit to be rented; "the house was unrentable in that condition".
irreparable impossible to repair, rectify, or amend; "irreparable harm"; "an irreparable mistake"; "irreparable damages".
unrepeatable unquotable not able or fit to be repeated or quoted; "what he said was funny but unquotable".
repetitive repetitious characterized by repetition; "repetitive movement".
reiterative iterative marked by iteration.
nonrepetitive marked by the absence of repetition; "nonrepetitive DNA sequence"; "nonrepetitive dance movements".
unrequested not requested; "the merchandise was unrequested".
unsolicited unasked not asked for; "unasked advice"; "unsolicited junk mail".
unrimed unrhymed rimeless rhymeless not having rhyme; "writing unrhymed blank verse is like playing tennis without a net".
cyclic marked by repeated cycles.
noncyclic not having repeated cycles.
nonoscillatory not having periodic vibrations.
standing permanent; "a standing army".
irregular (used of the military) not belonging to or engaged in by regular army forces; "irregular troops"; "irregular warfare".
unconnected not connected by birth or family.
irrelevant having no bearing on or connection with the subject at issue; "an irrelevant comment"; "irrelevant allegations".
orthogonal impertinent immaterial extraneous not pertinent to the matter under consideration; "an issue extraneous to the debate"; "the price was immaterial"; "mentioned several impertinent facts before finally coming to the point".
unsuitable inapplicable not capable of being applied; "rules inapplicable to day students".
moot of no legal significance (as having been previously decided).
unmindful mindless forgetful not mindful or attentive; "while thus unmindful of his steps he stumbled"- G.B.Shaw.
amnesic amnesiac suffering from a partial loss of memory.
unreplaceable irreplaceable impossible to replace; "irreplaceable antiques".
realistic naturalistic representing what is real; not abstract or ideal; "realistic portraiture"; "a realistic novel"; "in naturalistic colors"; "the school of naturalistic writers".
semiabstract characterized by stylized but recognizable subject matter.
unsymbolic nonrepresentative not standing for something else.
discreditable tending to bring discredit or disrepute; blameworthy; "his marks were not at all discreditable".
discredited damaged being unjustly brought into disrepute; "a discredited politician"; "her damaged reputation".
notorious infamous ill-famed known widely and usually unfavorably; "a notorious gangster"; "the tenderloin district was notorious for vice"; "the infamous Benedict Arnold";.
squalid sordid sleazy seedy seamy morally degraded; "a seedy district"; "the seamy side of life"; "sleazy characters hanging around casinos"; "sleazy storefronts with...dirt on the walls"- Seattle Weekly; "the sordid details of his orgies stank under his very nostrils"- James Joyce; "the squalid atmosphere of intrigue and betrayal".
assimilative capable of mentally absorbing ; "assimilative processes", "assimilative capacity of the human mind".
unreceptive not receptive.
unsympathetic closed not having an open mind; "a closed mind unreceptive to new ideas".
unreconcilable irreconcilable impossible to reconcile; "irreconcilable differences".
hostile impossible to bring into friendly accord; "hostile factions".
inconsistent not capable of being made consistent or harmonious; "inconsistent accounts".
withdrawn indrawn tending to reserve or introspection; "a quiet indrawn man".
unreserved not cautious or reticent; "unreserved behavior".
unreserved not reserved.
unbooked not reserved in advance.
resistless irresistible impossible to resist; overpowering; "irresistible (or resistless) impulses"; "what happens when an irresistible force meets an immovable object?".
do-or-die desperate desperately determined; "do-or-die revolutionaries"; "a do-or-die conflict".
infirm lacking firmness of will or character or purpose; "infirm of purpose; give me the daggers" - Shakespeare.
unstable disposed to psychological variability; "his rather unstable religious convictions".
scornful insulting disdainful contemptuous expressing extreme contempt.
contumelious arrogantly insolent.
taunting mocking jeering gibelike derisive abusing vocally; expressing contempt or ridicule; "derisive laughter"; "a jeering crowd"; "her mocking smile"; "taunting shouts of `coward' and `sissy'".
undutiful impious lacking due respect or dutifulness; "impious toward one's parents"; "an undutiful son".
snotty-nosed insolent impudent flip marked by casual disrespect; "a flip answer to serious question"; "the student was kept in for impudent behavior".
amenable liable to answer to a higher authority; "the president is amenable to the constitutional court".
do-nothing characterized by inability or unwillingness to work toward a goal or assume responsibility; "a do-nothing government".
feckless not fit to assume responsibility.
loose0 idle lacking a sense of restraint or responsibility; "idle talk"; "a loose tongue".
trigger-happy irresponsible in the use of firearms.
respondent answering replying; "an answering glance"; "an answering smile".
unresponsive not responding to some influence or stimulus.
refractory temporarily unresponsive or not fully responsive to nervous or sexual stimuli; "the refractory period of a muscle fiber".
close0 strictly confined or guarded; "kept under close custody".
unexpansive not given to high spirits or effusiveness; "an unexpansive man".
unrestrained not subject to restraint; "unrestrained laughter".
overweening exuberant extravagant excessive unrestrained, especially with regard to feelings; "extravagant praise"; "exuberant compliments"; "overweening ambition"; "overweening greed".
ungoverned uncurbed unchecked unbridled not restrained or controlled; "unbridled rage"; "an unchecked temper"; "ungoverned rage".
unlaced unbuttoned not under constraint in action or expression; "this unbuttoned and disrespectful age"- Curtis Bok; "unlaced behavior in the neighborhood pub".
unhindered unhampered not slowed or blocked or interfered with; "an outlet for healthy and unhampered action"; "a priest unhampered by scruple"; "the new stock market was unhampered by tradition".
restricted subject to restriction or subjected to restriction; "of restricted importance".
limited circumscribed subject to limits or subjected to limits.
closed not open to the general public; "a closed meeting".
unrestricted not subject to or subjected to restriction.
all-weather usable or operative or practiced in all kinds of weather; "a good all-weather road"; "all-weather flying".
discretionary (especially of funds) not earmarked; available for use as needed; "discretionary funds"; "discretionary income".
open-ended without fixed limits or restrictions; "an open-ended discussion".
suppressive tending to suppress; "the government used suppressive measures to control the protest".
unrestrictive not tending to restrict.
nonrestrictive not limiting the reference of a modified word or phrase; "the nonrestrictive clause in `I always buy his books, which have influenced me greatly,' refers to his books generally and adds an additional fact about them".
tenacious retentive recollective long good at remembering; "a retentive mind"; "tenacious memory".
unretentive short forgetful (of memory) deficient in retentiveness or range; "a short memory".
crisscrossed crisscross marked with crossing lines.
meshed resembling a network; "a meshed road system".
nonreticulate not resembling or forming a network.
nonretractile nonretractable not capable of being retracted.
reflecting causing reflection or having a device that reflects; "a reflecting microscope".
nonreflective nonreflecting not capable of physical reflection.
unreverberant nonresonant not reverberant; lacking a tendency to reverberate.
anechoic not having or producing echoes; sound-absorbent; "an anechoic chamber".
dead lacking acoustic resonance; "dead sounds characteristic of some compact discs"; "the dead wall surfaces of a recording studio".
venerating reverential respectful feeling or manifesting veneration.
sacrilegious profane blasphemous grossly irreverent toward what is held to be sacred; "blasphemous rites of a witches' Sabbath"; "profane utterances against the Church"; "it is sacrilegious to enter with shoes on".
recrudescent the revival of an unfortunate situation after a period of abatement; "the patient presented with a case of recrudescent gastralgia".
unrevived unrenewed not revived.
unawakened not aroused or activated; "unawakened emotions".
overawed overcome by a feeling of awe.
unawed not awed.
counterrevolutionary marked by opposition or antipathy to revolution; "ostracized for his counterrevolutionary tendencies".
unrewarding not rewarding; not providing personal satisfaction.
ungratifying unappreciated thankless not likely to be rewarded; "grading papers is a thankless task".
profitless without profit or reward; "let us have no part in profitless quarrels"- D.D.Eisenhower; "How weary, flat, stale, and unprofitable / Seem to me all the uses of this world"- Shakespeare.
turgid tumid orotund large declamatory bombastic ostentatiously lofty in style; "a man given to large talk"; "tumid political prose".
purple over-embellished empurpled excessively elaborate or showily expressed; "a writer of empurpled literature"; "many purple passages"; "an over-embellished story of the fish that got away".
forensic of, relating to, or used in public debate or argument.
oratorical characteristic of an orator or oratory; "oratorical prose"; "harangued his men in an oratorical way"- Robert Graves.
prosaic matter-of-fact not fanciful or imaginative; "local guides describe the history of various places in matter-of-fact tones"; "a prosaic and unimaginative essay".
rhythmical rhythmic recurring with measured regularity; "the rhythmic chiming of church bells"- John Galsworthy; "rhythmical prose".
cadent cadenced marked by a rhythmical cadence; "the cadenced crunch of marching feet".
jazzy resembling jazz (especially in its rhythm).
tripping swingy swinging lilting characterized by a buoyant rhythm; "an easy lilting stride"; "the flute broke into a light lilting air"; "a swinging pace"; "a graceful swingy walk"; "a tripping singing measure".
sapphic a meter used by Sappho and named after her.
singsong intoned chantlike uttered in a monotonous cadence or rhythm as in chanting; "their chantlike intoned prayers"; "a singsong manner of speaking".
syncopated stressing a normally weak beat.
throbbing pounding or beating strongly or violently; "a throbbing pain"; "the throbbing engine of the boat".
unrhythmical unrhythmic not rhythmic; irregular in beat or accent.
arrhythmical arrhythmic without regard for rhythm.
nonrhythmic deliberately not rhythmic.
unmeasured not composed of measured syllables; not metrical; "unmeasured prose".
riblike resembling a rib.
ribless having no ribs or no visible ribs.
wealthy moneyed loaded flush affluent having an abundant supply of money or possessions of value; "an affluent banker"; "a speculator flush with cash"; "not merely rich but loaded"; "moneyed aristocrats"; "wealthy corporations".
stony-broke stone-broke skint bust broke lacking funds; "`skint' is a British slang term".
poverty-stricken needy necessitous indigent impoverished destitute poor enough to need help from others.
pinched penurious penniless in_straitened_circumstances impecunious hard_up not having enough money to pay for necessities.
moneyless having no money; "virtually moneyless rural regions".
unprovided_for without income or means; "left his family unprovided for".
poor lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances; "a poor land"; "the area was poor in timber and coal"; "food poor in nutritive value".
resourceless lacking or deficient in natural resources.
plushy plush lush lucullan lavish characterized by extravagance and profusion; "a lavish buffet"; "a lucullan feast".
poor characterized by or indicating poverty; "the country had a poor economy"; "they lived in the poor section of town".
mean beggarly marked by poverty befitting a beggar; "a beggarly existence in the slums"; "a mean hut".
slummy (of housing or residential areas) indicative of poverty; "a slummy part of town"; "slum conditions".
monied moneyed based on or arising from the possession of money or wealth; "moneyed interests".
moneyless not based on the possession of money; "a moneyless economy".
insolvent unable to meet or discharge financial obligations; "an insolvent person"; "an insolvent estate".
lean lacking in mineral content or combustible material; "lean ore"; "lean fuel".
rimless lacking a rim or frame; "rimless glasses".
handless without a hand or hands; "a handless war veteran".
equipoised lacking lateral dominance; being neither right-handed nor left-handed.
conservative having social or political views favoring conservatism.
reactionist reactionary far-right extremely conservative.
rightish tending toward the political right.
antler-like resembling antlers.
hollow-horned having horns that are hollow.
wrong contrary to conscience or morality or law; "it is wrong for the rich to take advantage of the poor"; "cheating is wrong"; "it is wrong to lie".
vicious reprehensible deplorable criminal condemnable bringing or deserving severe rebuke or censure; "a criminal waste of talent"; "a deplorable act of violence"; "adultery is as reprehensible for a husband as for a wife".
immoral base not adhering to ethical or moral principles; "base and unpatriotic motives"; "a base, degrading way of life"; "cheating is dishonorable"; "they considered colonialism immoral"; "unethical practices in handling public funds".
mistaken misguided wrong in e.g. opinion or judgment; "well-meaning but misguided teachers"; "a mistaken belief"; "mistaken identity".
unrighteous not righteous; "an unrighteous man"; "an unrighteous law".
wicked unholy sinful having committed unrighteous acts; "a sinful person".
robust sturdy and strong in form, constitution, or construction; "a robust body"; "a robust perennial".
half-hardy (of plants) requiring protection from frost; "half-hardy annuals".
frail physically weak; "an invalid's frail body".
pancake-like resembling a pancake in shape.
cycloidal cycloid resembling a circle.
rodlike rod-shaped resembling a rod.
country-bred rough and uncouth; "a country boy".
hobnailed marked by the wearing of heavy boots studded with hobnails; "hobnailed laborers".
city-like resembling a city.
rustproofed rustproof treated against rusting.
rust-resistant resistant to rust.
unholy unhallowed not hallowed or consecrated.
unsanctified unconsecrated profane not holy because unconsecrated or impure or defiled.
secular profane not concerned with or devoted to religion; "sacred and profane music"; "secular drama"; "secular architecture", "children being brought up in an entirely profane environment".
secular lay laic characteristic of those who are not members of the clergy; "set his collar in laic rather than clerical position"; "the lay ministry".
profanatory profaning or tending to desecrate.
unhazardous riskless risk-free thought to be devoid of risk.
unsafe dangerous involving or causing danger or risk; liable to hurt or harm; "a dangerous criminal"; "a dangerous bridge"; "unemployment reached dangerous proportions".
dodgy dicey chancy chanceful of uncertain outcome; especially fraught with risk; "an extremely dicey future on a brave new world of liquid nitrogen, tar, and smog"- New Yorker.
desperate (of persons) dangerously reckless or violent as from urgency or despair; "a desperate criminal"; "taken hostage of desperate men".
mordacious biting or given to biting; "they deliberately gave me a skittish and mordacious mount".
on_the_hook caught in a difficult or dangerous situation; "there I was back on the hook".
touch-and-go precarious perilous parlous fraught with danger; "dangerous waters"; "a parlous journey on stormy seas"; "a perilous voyage across the Atlantic in a small boat"; "the precarious life of an undersea diver"; "dangerous surgery followed by a touch-and-go recovery".
suicidal self-destructive dangerous to yourself or your interests; "suicidal impulses"; "a suicidal corporate takeover strategy"; "a kamikaze pilot".
unreliable treacherous dangerously unstable and unpredictable; "treacherous winding roads"; "an unreliable trestle".
out not allowed to continue to bat or run; "he was tagged out at second on a close play"; "he fanned out".
unsaleable unsalable impossible to sell.
unmarketable not capable of being sold.
unvendible unmerchantable unmarketable not fit for sale.
duplicate identically copied from an original; "a duplicate key".
indistinguishable identical exactly alike; incapable of being perceived as different; "rows of identical houses"; "cars identical except for their license plates"; "they wore indistinguishable hats".
various assorted of many different kinds purposefully arranged but lacking any uniformity; "assorted sizes"; "his disguises are many and various"; "various experiments have failed to disprove the theory"; "cited various reasons for his behavior".
divergent diverging from another or from a standard; "a divergent opinion".
various diverse distinctly dissimilar or unlike; "celebrities as diverse as Bob Hope and Bob Dylan"; "animals as various as the jaguar and the cavy and the sloth".
variant differing from a norm or standard; "a variant spelling".
other not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied; "today isn't any other day"- the White Queen; "the construction of highways and other public works"; "he asked for other employment"; "any other person would tell the truth"; "his other books are still in storage"; "then we looked at the other house"; "hearing was good in his other ear"; "the other sex"; "she lived on the other side of the street from me"; "went in the other direction".
some_other another any of various alternatives; some other; "put it off to another (or some other) day".
new other than the former one(s); different; "they now have a new leaders"; "my new car is four years old but has only 15,000 miles on it"; "ready to take a new direction".
opposite the other one of a complementary pair; "the opposite sex"; "the two chess kings are set up on squares of opposite colors".
opposite being directly across from each other; facing; "And I on the opposite shore will be, ready to ride and spread the alarm"- Longfellow; "we lived on opposite sides of the street"; "at opposite poles".
otherwise other than as supposed or expected; "the outcome was otherwise".
correspondent analogous similar or equivalent in some respects though otherwise dissimilar; "brains and computers are often considered analogous"; "salmon roe is marketed as analogous to caviar".
quasi having some resemblance; "a quasi success"; "a quasi contract".
dissimilar not similar; "a group of very dissimilar people"; "a pump not dissimilar to those once found on every farm"; "their understanding of the world is not so dissimilar from our own"; "took different (or dissimilar) approaches to the problem".
insane afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement; "was declared insane"; "insane laughter".
possessed demoniacal demoniac berserk amuck amok frenzied as if possessed by a demon; "the soldier was completely amuck"; "berserk with grief"; "a berserk worker smashing windows".
whacky wacky round_the_bend nutty nuts loopy loony loco kooky kookie haywire fruity dotty daft crackers cracked buggy bonkers batty bats barmy balmy around_the_bend informal or slang terms for mentally irregular; "it used to drive my husband balmy".
unhinged unbalanced sick mad disturbed demented crazy brainsick affected with madness or insanity; "a man who had gone mad".
half-crazed deranged crazed driven insane.
touched fey slightly insane.
hebephrenic suffering from a form of schizophrenia characterized by foolish mannerisms and senseless laughter along with delusions and regressive behavior.
moonstruck lunatic insane and believed to be affected by the phases of the moon.
maniacal maniac wildly disordered; "a maniacal frenzy".
manic-depressive suffering from a disorder characterized by alternating mania and depression.
maniclike resembling the mania of manic-depressive illness.
unstable unsound mentally_ill suffering from severe mental illness; "of unsound mind".
of_unsound_mind non_compos_mentis not of sound mind, memory, or understanding; in law, not competent to go to trial.
paranoid suffering from paranoia.
psychopathological psychopathologic psychopathic suffering from an undiagnosed mental disorder.
psychotic characteristic of or suffering from psychosis.
wild raving_mad talking or behaving irrationally; "a raving lunatic".
schizophrenic suffering from some form of schizophrenia; "schizophrenic patients".
screwy screw-loose not behaving normally.
satiated satiate supplied (especially fed) to satisfaction.
satisfiable satiable capable of being sated; "a satiable thirst"; "a satiable appetite".
unsatiable insatiate insatiable impossible to satisfy; "an insatiate appetite"; "an insatiable demand for old buildings to restore"; "his passion for work was unsatiable".
unquenchable quenchless impossible to quench; "unquenchable thirst".
unsatisfied unsatiated unsated not having been satisfied.
unsatisfiable not capable of being satisfied; "he knew the trap of unsatisfiable longing".
sarcastic expressing or expressive of ridicule that wounds.
mordant grim black harshly ironic or sinister; "black humor"; "a grim joke"; "grim laughter"; "fun ranging from slapstick clowning ... to savage mordant wit".
corrosive spitefully sarcastic; "corrosive cristism".
sardonic disdainfully or ironically humorous; scornful and mocking; "his rebellion is the bitter, sardonic laughter of all great satirists"- Frank Schoenberner; "a wry pleasure to be...reminded of all that one is missing"- Irwin Edman.
satirical satiric exposing human folly to ridicule; "a persistent campaign of mockery by the satirical fortnightly magazine".
saturnine bitter or scornful; "the face was saturnine and swarthy, and the sensual lips...twisted with disdain"- Oscar Wilde.
unsarcastic not sarcastic.
tolerable passable fair_to_middling adequate about average; acceptable; "more than adequate as a secretary".
unsatisfactory not giving satisfaction; "shops should take back unsatisfactory goods"; "her performance proved to be unsatisfactory"; "life is becoming increasingly unsatifactory"; "our discussion was very unsatisfactory".
unsatisfying dissatisfactory disappointing not up to expectations; "a disappointing performance from one who had seemed so promising".
unacceptable not adequate to give satisfaction; "the coach told his players that defeat was unacceptable".
unlearned not well learned.
unscientific not consistent with the methods or principles of science; "an unscientific lack of objectivity".
scrupulous having scruples; arising from a sense of right and wrong; principled; "less scrupulous producers sent bundles that were deceptive in appearance".
religious extremely scrupulous and conscientious; "religious in observing the rules of health".
unscrupulous without scruples or principles; "unscrupulous politicos who would be happy to sell...their country in order to gain power".
conscientious guided by or in accordance with conscience or sense of right and wrong; "a conscientious decision to speak out about injustice".
unconscientious not conscientious;.
unconscionable conscienceless lacking a conscience; "a conscienceless villain"; "brash, unprincipled, and conscienceless"; "an unconscionable liar".
unopened not yet opened or unsealed; "unopened Christmas presents".
unsealed not closed or secured with or as if with a seal; "unsealed goods"; "the letter arrived unsealed".
opened open3 not sealed or having been unsealed; "the letter was already open"; "the opened package lay on the table".
unsealed uncertain not established or confirmed; "his doom is as yet unsealed".
unwrapped not yet wrapped or having the wrapping removed; "she faced a mountainous pile of presents still unwrapped"; "the floor around the tree was littered with gifts already unwrapped".
seaworthy fit for a sea voyage.
unseaworthy unfit for a voyage.
unairworthy not fit to fly.
obscure hidden difficult to find; "hidden valleys"; "a hidden cave"; "an obscure retreat".
secret not open or public; kept private or not revealed; "a secret formula"; "secret ingredients"; "secret talks".
unconcealed not concealed or hidden; "her unconcealed hostility poisoned the atmosphere"; "watched with unconcealed curiosity".
unsectarian nonsectarian not restricted to one sect or school or party; "religious training in a nonsectarian atmosphere"; "nonsectarian colleges"; "a wide and unsectarian interest in religion"- Bertrand Russell.
nondenominational not restricted to a particular religious denomination; "a nondenominational church".
undenominational not bound or devoted to the promotion of a particular denomination; "undenominational religious instruction".
untroubled unafraid secure free from fear or doubt; easy in mind; "he was secure that nothing will be held against him".
fail-safe guaranteed not to fail; "a fail-safe recipe for cheese souffle".
unsafe insecure lacking in security or safety; "his fortune was increasingly insecure"; "an insecure future".
shaky precarious not secure; beset with difficulties; "a shaky marriage".
unsecured unguaranteed without financial security; "an unsecured note".
secure not likely to fail or give way; "the lock was secure"; "a secure foundation"; "a secure hold on her wrist".
steady securely in position; not shaky; "held the ladder steady".
insecure not firm or firmly fixed; likely to fail or give way; "the hinge is insecure".
unfastened not closed or secured; "the car door was unfastened"; "unfastened seatbelts".
unsecured unlocked unlatched unbolted unbarred not firmly fastened or secured; "an unbarred door"; "went through the unlatched gate into the street"; "an unlocked room".
undone not fastened or tied or secured; "her blouse had come undone at the neck"; "his shoelaces were undone".
insured covered by insurance; "an insured risk"; "all members of the film cast and crew are insured".
uninsurable not capable of being insured or not eligible to be insured.
insidious beguiling but harmful; "insidious pleasures".
unseductive not seductive.
untempting uninviting not tempting.
junior younger; lower in rank; shorter in length of tenure or service.
subaltern secondary petty lowly lower-ranking junior-grade inferior in rank or status; "the junior faculty"; "a lowly corporal"; "petty officialdom"; "a subordinate functionary".
minor of the younger of two boys with the same family name; "Jones minor".
younger jr. used of the younger of two persons of the same name especially used to distinguish a son from his father; "John Junior"; "John Smith, Jr.".
yellow sensationalistic scandalmongering typical of tabloids; "sensational journalistic reportage of the scandal"; "yellow press".
unsensational not of such character as to arouse intense interest, curiosity, or emotional reaction.
insensible incapable of physical sensation; "insensible to pain"; "insensible earth".
anesthetic anaesthetic characterized by insensibility; "the young girls are in a state of possession--blind and deaf and anesthetic"; "an anesthetic state".
numb benumbed asleep lacking sensation; "my foot is asleep"; "numb with cold".
highly_sensitive readily affected by various agents; "a highly sensitive explosive is easily exploded by a shock"; "a sensitive colloid is readily coagulated".
irritable abnormally sensitive to a stimulus.
nociceptive caused by or in response to pain; "a nociceptive spinal reflex".
insensitive not responsive to physical stimuli; "insensitive to radiation".
deadened dead devoid of physical sensation; numb; "his gums were dead from the novocain"; "she felt no discomfort as the dentist drilled her deadened tooth"; "a public desensitized by continuous television coverage of atrocities".
unreactive not tending to react to stimulation.
touchy thin-skinned huffy feisty quick to take offense.
oversensitive unduly sensitive or thin-skinned.
insensitive deficient in human sensibility; not mentally or morally sensitive; "insensitive to the needs of the patients".
pachydermatous indurate callous emotionally hardened; "a callous indifference to suffering"; "cold-blooded and indurate to public opinion".
numb dead (followed by `to') not showing human feeling or sensitivity; unresponsive; "passersby were dead to our plea for help"; "numb to the cries for mercy".
dull0 blunted in responsiveness or sensibility; "a dull gaze"; "so exhausted she was dull to what went on about her"- Willa Cather.
unaffected insensible unaware of or indifferent to; "insensible to the suffering around him".
soulless lacking sensitivity or the capacity for deep feeling.
sensitizing sensitising making susceptible or sensitive to either physical or emotional stimuli.
desensitizing desensitising making less susceptible or sensitive to either physical or emotional stimuli.
numbing causing numbness or insensitivity; "the numbing effect of grief".
paranormal extrasensory seemingly outside normal sensory channels.
telepathic communicating without apparent physical signals.
unsent not dispatched or transmitted; "the letter remained unwritten and unsent".
separate independent; not united or joint; "a problem consisting of two separate issues"; "they went their separate ways"; "formed a separate church".
set-apart separated isolated detached being or feeling set or kept apart from others; "she felt detached from the group"; "could not remain the isolated figure he had been"- Sherwood Anderson; "thought of herself as alone and separated from the others"; "had a set-apart feeling".
disjoint having no elements in common.
isolated disjunct marked by separation of or from usually contiguous elements; "little isolated worlds, as abruptly disjunct and unexpected as a palm-shaded well in the Sahara"- Scientific Monthly.
unaccompanied (of a state or an event) taking place without something specified occurring at the same time; "a headache unaccompanied by other symptoms".
unhygienic unclean and constituting a likely cause of disease; "pathetic dogs kept in small unhygienic cages".
septic infected containing or resulting from disease-causing organisms; "a septic sore throat"; "a septic environment"; "septic sewage".
abscessed infected and filled with pus; "an abscessed tooth".
contaminative making impure by contact or mixing.
infective infectious caused by infection or capable of causing infection; "viruses and other infective agents"; "a carrier remains infective without himself showing signs of the disease".
putrefactive putrefacient causing or promoting bacterial putrefaction.
antiseptic thoroughly clean and free of or destructive to disease-causing organisms; "doctors in antiseptic green coats"; "the antiseptic effect of alcohol"; "it is said that marjoram has antiseptic qualities".
axenic (of experimental animals) raised under sterile conditions; "axenic conditions"; "germfree animals".
germy full of germs or pathological microorganisms; "the water in New York harbor is oily and dirty and germy".
unsterilized unsterilised not sterilized.
foreign extraneous not belonging to that in which it is contained; introduced from an outside source; "water free of extraneous matter"; "foreign particles in milk".
overserious excessively serious.
real not to be taken lightly; "statistics demonstrate that poverty and unemployment are very real problems"; "to the man sleeping regularly in doorways homelessness is real".
sobering tending to make sober or more serious; "the news had a sobering effect".
frivolous not serious in content or attitude or behavior; "a frivolous novel"; "a frivolous remark"; "a frivolous young woman".
silly lightheaded light-headed giddy featherbrained empty-headed dizzy airheaded lacking seriousness; given to frivolity; "a dizzy blonde"; "light-headed teenagers"; "silly giggles".
light-minded flippant showing inappropriate levity.
light1 idle silly or trivial; "idle pleasure"; "light banter"; "light idle chatter".
light0 intended primarily as entertainment; not serious or profound; "light verse"; "a light comedy".
trivial concerned with trivialities; "a trivial young woman"; "a trivial mind".
wicked puckish prankish pixilated mischievous implike impish arch naughtily or annoyingly playful; "teasing and worrying with impish laughter"; "a wicked prank".
teasing quizzical mocking playfully vexing (especially by ridicule); "his face wore a somewhat quizzical almost impertinent air"- Lawrence Durrell.
unplayful sober serious completely lacking in playfulness.
unselected not selected.
unserviceable not ready for service; "unserviceable equipment may be replaced".
broken-down not in working order; "had to push the broken-down car"; "a broken-down tractor fit only for children to play on".
inoperable not able to perform its normal function.
unrepaired unserviceable because necessary repairs have not been made.
nonresident not living in a particular place or owned by permanent residents; "nonresident students who commute to classes"; "nonresident real estate".
nonnomadic not nomadic or wandering; "nonnomadic people".
unsettled not settled or established; "an unsettled lifestyle".
wandering planetary erratic having no fixed course; "an erratic comet"; "his life followed a wandering course"; "a planetary vagabond".
stateless homeless without nationality or citizenship; "stateless persons".
vagabond rootless wandering aimlessly without ties to a place or community; "led a vagabond life"; "a rootless wanderer".
unlocated lacking a particular location.
resident nonmigratory used of animals that do not migrate.
set dictated determined determined or decided upon as by an authority; "date and place are already determined"; "the dictated terms of surrender"; "the time set for the launching".
deterministic an inevitable consequence of antecedent sufficient causes.
firm not subject to revision or change; "a firm contract"; "a firm offer".
unresolved undetermined undecided open2 not brought to a conclusion; subject to further thought; "an open question"; "our position on this bill is still undecided"; "our lawsuit is still undetermined".
spicy risque racy naughty juicy gamy gamey blue suggestive of sexual impropriety; "a blue movie"; "blue jokes"; "he skips asterisks and gives you the gamy details"; "a juicy scandal"; "a naughty wink"; "naughty words"; "racy anecdotes"; "a risque story"; "spicy gossip".
lecherous given to excessive indulgence in sexual activity; "a lecherous gleam in his eye"; "a lecherous good-for-nothing".
salacious prurient lustful lubricious characterized by lust; "eluding the lubricious embraces of her employer"; "her sensuous grace roused his lustful nature"; "prurient literature"; "prurient thoughts"; "a salacious rooster of a little man".
unsexy not sexually aroused or arousing.
intersexual existing or occurring between the sexes.
nonsexual asexual not having or involving sex; "an asexual spore"; "asexual reproduction".
parthenogenetic apomictic agamous agamogenetic agamic (of reproduction) not involving the fusion of male and female gametes in reproduction.
sexless neuter having no or imperfectly developed or nonfunctional sex organs.
uncastrated not castrated.
estrous (of lower mammals) showing or in a state of estrus; in heat; "the estrous state"; "the estrous cycle".
anestrous (of lower mammals) not in a state of estrus; not in heat; "an anestrous bitch".
statuesque junoesque suggestive of a statue.
sculpturesque sculptured sculptural modeled resembling sculpture; "her finely modeled features"; "rendered with...vivid sculptural effect"; "the sculpturesque beauty of the athletes' bodies".
unshapely not well-proportioned and pleasing in shape; "a stout unshapely woman".
acromegalic marked or affected by enlargement or hypertrophy of the extremities or the face; "a protruding acromegalic jaw".
misshapen malformed ill-shapen distorted deformed so badly formed or out of shape as to be ugly; "deformed thalidomide babies"; "his poor distorted limbs"; "an ill-shapen vase"; "a limp caused by a malformed foot"; "misshapen old fingers".
pigeon-breasted chicken-breasted having a chest deformity marked by a projecting breastbone caused by infantile rickets.
breastless without a breast.
drum-shaped drum-like shaped in a form resembling a drum.
unformed not having form or shape; "unformed clay".
shapeless formless amorphous having no definite form or distinct shape; "amorphous clouds of insects"; "an aggregate of formless particles"; "a shapeless mass of protoplasm".
unshapen unshaped incompletely or imperfectly shaped; "unshaped dough"; "unshaped timbers".
unshared not shared.
sole exclusive not divided or shared with others; "they have exclusive use of the machine"; "sole rights of publication".
undivided not shared by or among others; "undivided responsibility".
unshaven unshaved not shaved.
unshorn unsheared not sheared; "a grizzly unshorn beard"; "unshorn sheep".
incased encased cased covered or protected with or as if with a case; "knights cased in steel"; "products encased in leatherette".
podlike resembling a pod.
unsheathed bare not having a protective covering; "unsheathed cables"; "a bare blade".
unshockable broad-minded incapable of being shocked; "he was warmhearted, sensible and unshockable".
shoed shodden shod wearing footgear.
booted wearing boots.
sandalled sandaled shod with sandals.
slippered shod with slippers.
unshoed unshod not shod.
stockinged wearing stockings; "walks about in his stockinged feet".
shortsighted nearsighted myopic unable to see distant objects clearly.
hyperopic hypermetropic abnormal ability to focus of distant objects.
unshrinkable incapable of being shrunk or diminished or reduced.
seeing having vision, not blind.
blinded deprived of sight.
blindfolded blindfold wearing a blindfold.
colour-blind color-blind unable to distinguish one or more chromatic colors.
dazzled having vision overcome temporarily by or as if by intense light; "she shut her dazzled eyes against the sun's brilliance".
green-blind deuteranopic inability to see the color green or to distinguish green and purplish-red.
visually_impaired visually_challenged sand-blind purblind near-blind dim-sighted having greatly reduced vision.
red-blind protanopic inability to see the color red or to distinguish red and bluish-green.
stone-blind completely blind.
tritanopic blue-blind inability to see the color blue or to distinguish the colors blue and yellow.
unsigned lacking a signature; "the message was typewritten and unsigned".
unimportant insignificant devoid of importance, meaning, or force.
silenced reduced to silence; "the silenced crowd waited expectantly".
suppressed manifesting or subjected to suppression; "a suppressed press".
unsilenced not silenced.
needled of trees whose leaves are acerate.
lobed lobate having deeply indented margins but with lobes not entirely separate from each other.
simple having few parts; not complex or complicated or involved; "a simple problem"; "simple mechanisms"; "a simple design"; "a simple substance".
complicated difficult to analyze or understand; "a complicated problem"; "complicated Middle East politics".
gordian extremely intricate; usually in phrase `Gordian knot'.
insincere lacking sincerity; "a charming but thoroughly insincere woman"; "their praise was extravagant and insincere".
unctuous soapy smarmy oleaginous oily fulsome buttery unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech; "buttery praise"; "gave him a fulsome introduction"; "an oily sycophantic press agent"; "oleaginous hypocrisy"; "smarmy self-importance"; "the unctuous Uriah Heep"; "soapy compliments".
dissimulative concealing under a false appearance with the intent to deceive; "dissimulative arts".
false deliberately deceptive; "false pretenses".
feigned not genuine; "feigned sympathy".
hypocritical professing feelings or virtues one does not have; "hypocritical praise".
plausible given to or characterized by presenting specious arguments; "a plausible liar".
zero 0 indicating the absence of any or all units under consideration; "a zero score".
one i ane 1 used of a single unit or thing; not two or more; "`ane' is Scottish".
one_hundred_one hundred_and_one ci 101 being one more than one hundred.
one_hundred_five cv 105 being five more than one hundred.
one_hundred_twenty-five cxxv 125 being five more than one hundred twenty.
one_hundred_thirty-five cxxxv 135 being five more than one hundred thirty.
one_hundred_forty-five cxlv 145 being five more than one hundred forty.
one_hundred_fifty-five clv 155 being five more than one hundred fifty.
one_hundred_sixty-five clxv 165 being five more than one hundred sixty.
one_hundred_seventy-five clxxv 175 being five more than one hundred seventy.
three_hundred ccc 300 being one hundred more than two hundred.
four_hundred cd 400 being one hundred more than three hundred.
zillion very large indeterminate number; "a zillion people were there".
unscripted not furnished with or using a script; "unrehearsed and unscript spot interviews"; "unscripted talk shows".
unwritten spontaneous ad-lib said or done without having been planned or written in advance; "he made a few ad-lib remarks".
unsinkable incapable of being sunk; "they thought the Titanic was unsinkable".
azygous azygos occurring singly; not one of a pair; "the azygous muscle of the uvula".
size (used in combination) sized; "the economy-size package"; "average-size house".
unsized not fashioned to sizes; "unsized gloves; one size fits all".
unsorted not arranged according to size.
sized having the surface treated or coated with sizing.
unsized not having the surface treated or coated with sizing; "unsized paper".
arch expert in skulduggery; "an arch criminal".
unskilled not having or showing or requiring special skill or proficiency; "unskilled in the art of rhetoric"; "an enthusiastic but unskillful mountain climber"; "unskilled labor"; "workers in unskilled occupations are finding fewer and fewer job opportunities"; "unskilled workmanship".
bungled botched spoiled through incompetence or clumsiness; "a bungled job".
incompetent fumbling clumsy bungling showing lack of skill or aptitude; "a bungling workman"; "did a clumsy job"; "his fumbling attempt to put up a shelf".
rough1 crude not carefully or expertly made; "managed to make a crude splint"; "a crude cabin of logs with bark still on them"; "rough carpentry".
hopeless of a person unable to do something skillfully; "I'm hopeless at mathematics".
menial lowly humble used of unskilled work (especially domestic work).
lubberly clumsy and unskilled; "a big stupid lubberly fellow".
weak deficient or lacking in some skill; "he's weak in spelling".
large-grained coarse-grained not having a fine texture; "coarse-grained wood"; "large-grained sand".
nongranular not having granules; "clear nongranular cytoplasm".
superfine of extremely fine size or texture; "superfine sugar"; "a superfine file".
smoky marked by or emitting or filled with smoke; "smoky rafters"; "smoky chimneys"; "a smoky fireplace"; "a smoky corridor".
slimy slimed covered with or resembling slime; "a slimy substance covered the rocks".
nonslippery not slippery; not likely to slip or skid.
lubricated greased smeared with oil or grease to reduce friction.
unlubricated ungreased not lubricated.
velvety velvet-textured velvet smooth and soft to sight or hearing or touch or taste.
unsmooth rough having or caused by an irregular surface; "trees with rough bark"; "rough ground"; "rough skin"; "rough blankets"; "his unsmooth face".
scratchy abrasive causing abrasion.
cracked alligatored of paint or varnish; having the appearance of alligator hide.
barky resembling the rough bark of a tree; "the rattlesnake's barky scales".
bullate of leaves; appearing puckered as if blistered.
bumpy covered with or full of bumps; "a bumpy country road".
roughened cracked chapped used of skin roughened as a result of cold or exposure; "chapped lips".
ribbed costate (of the surface) having a rough, riblike texture.
mountainous hilly craggy cragged having hills and crags; "hilly terrain".
tweedy slubbed nubby nubbly homespun of textiles; having a rough surface; "a sweater knitted of nubbly homespun yarns".
imbricated imbricate used especially of leaves or bracts; overlapping or layered as scales or shingles.
scurfy scaly scabrous leprose lepidote rough to the touch; covered with scales or scurf.
squamulose covered with tiny scales.
seamed lined (used especially of skin) marked by lines or seams; "their lined faces were immeasurably sad"; "a seamed face".
potholed pockmarked pocked used of paved surfaces having holes or pits.
stony rocky bouldery bouldered abounding in rocks or stones; "rocky fields"; "stony ground"; "bouldery beaches".
shingly pebbly gravelly abounding in small stones; "landed at a shingly little beach".
roughish somewhat rough.
rugose of leaves; ridged or wrinkled.
sandpapery having the abrasive texture of sandpaper.
scabby covered with scabs.
shaggy shagged having a very rough nap or covered with hanging shags; "junipers with shagged trunks"; "shaggy rugs".
warty wartlike verrucose (of skin) covered with warts or projections that resemble warts.
smooth of motion that runs or flows or proceeds without jolts or turbulence; "a smooth ride".
rough rocky jumpy jolty jolting bumpy causing or characterized by jolts and irregular movements; "a rough ride".
rutty rutted full of ruts; "rutty farm roads".
unfurrowed not marked with shallow depressions or furrows; "an unfurrowed field"; "unfurrowed cheeks".
crispate wavy or notched and curled very irregularly.
unrifled smoothbore of a firearm; not having rifling or internal spiral grooves inside the barrel.
gregarious instinctively or temperamentally seeking and enjoying the company of others; "he is a gregarious person who avoids solitude".
unsocial not seeking or given to association; being or living without companions; "the unsocial disposition to neglect one's neighbors".
asocial antisocial hostile to or disruptive of normal standards of social behavior; "criminal behavior or conduct that violates the rights of other individuals is antisocial"; "crimes...and other asocial behavior"; "an antisocial deed".
withdrawn reclusive recluse withdrawn from society; seeking solitude; "lived an unsocial reclusive life".
unaccompanied being without an escort.
solitary lonely lone alone lacking companions or companionship; "he was alone when we met him"; "she is alone much of the time"; "the lone skier on the mountain"; "a lonely fisherman stood on a tuft of gravel"; "a lonely soul"; "a solitary traveler".
unattended lacking accompaniment or a guard or escort; "unattended women"; "problems unattended with danger".
unaccompanied playing or singing without accompaniment; "the soloist sang unaccompanied".
ungregarious (of animals) not gregarious.
solitary nonsocial nongregarious of plants and animals; not growing or living in groups or colonies; "solitary bees".
clustered growing close together but not in dense mats.
ungregarious (of plants) growing together in groups that are not close together.
tufted cespitose caespitose (of plants) growing in small dense clumps or tufts.
seamy showing a seam.
seamless not having or joined by a seam or seams; "seamless stockings".
black-seeded having black seeds.
seedless lacking seeds; "seedless grapefruit".
shuttered provided with shutters or shutters as specified; often used in combination; "a church with a shuttered belfry and spire"; "green-shuttered cottages".
unshuttered not provided with shutters or having the shuttered open; "unshuttered windows".
sleeved made with sleeves or sleeves especially as specified; often used in combination; "sleeved garments"; "short-sleeved".
companionable suggestive of companionship; "a companionable pet".
unsociable not inclined to society or companionship; "an unsociable nature...shy and reserved"; "generally unsociable except with intimate friends"; "unsociable behavior"; "an unsociable neighborhood".
ungregarious not disposed to seek company; "a lonely ungregarious person".
unsold not disposed of by purchase; "the house has been on the market almost a year and is still unsold".
soled having a sole or soles especially as specified; used in combination; "half-soled"; "rubber-soled".
liquid existing as or having characteristics of a liquid; especially tending to flow; "water and milk and blood are liquid substances".
gaseous existing as or having characteristics of a gas; "steam is water is the gaseous state".
gassy resembling gas.
alcohol-soluble soluble in alcohol.
soluble susceptible of solution or of being solved or explained; "the puzzle is soluble".
solvable resolvable capable of being solved; "such problems are perfectly solvable".
insoluble admitting of no solution or explanation; "an insoluble doubt".
several (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3 but not many; "several letters came in the mail"; "several people were injured in the accident".
none not any; "thou shalt have none other gods before me".
zero having no measurable or otherwise determinable value; "the goal is zero population growth".
simple-minded lacking subtlety and insight; "a simple-minded argument".
unworldly unsophisticated not wise in the ways of the world; "either too unsophisticated or too honest to promise more than he could deliver"; "this helplessly unworldly woman"- Kate O'Brien.
unsound not sound financially; "unsound banking practices".
speculative risky high-risk bad not financially safe or secure; "a bad investment"; "high risk investments"; "anything that promises to pay too much can't help being risky"; "speculative business enterprises".
long involving substantial risk; "long odds".
wildcat outside the bounds of legitimate or ethical business practices; "wildcat currency issued by irresponsible banks"; "wildcat stock speculation"; "a wildcat airline"; "wildcat life insurance schemes".
unsound not in good condition; damaged or decayed; "an unsound foundation".
corroded eaten away as by acid or oxidation.
rotten rotted decayed damaged by decay; hence unsound and useless; "rotten floor boards"; "rotted beams"; "a decayed foundation".
spumy frothy foamy foaming effervescing bubbly bubbling emitting or filled with bubbles as from carbonation or fermentation; "bubbling champagne"; "foamy (or frothy) beer".
charged aerated supplied with carbon dioxide.
carbonated having carbonation (especially artificially carbonated).
noneffervescent not effervescent.
flat0 having lost effervescence; "flat beer"; "a flat cola".
uncarbonated noncarbonated not having carbonation.
still noneffervescent not sparkling; "a still wine"; "still mineral water".
unspecialized unspecialised not specialized or modified for a particular purpose or function.
generalized generalised not biologically differentiated or adapted to a specific function or environment; "the hedgehog is a primitive and generalized mammal".
knockabout boisterous full of rough and exuberant animal spirits; "boisterous practical jokes"; "knockabout comedy".
spiritless lacking ardor or vigor or energy; "a spiritless reply to criticism".
apathetic showing little or no emotion or animation; "a woman who became active rather than apathetic as she grew older".
bloodless without vigor or zest or energy; "an insipid and bloodless young man".
listless dispirited marked by low spirits; showing no enthusiasm; "a dispirited and divided Party"; "reacted to the crisis with listless resignation".
induced brought about or caused; not spontaneous; "a case of steroid-induced weakness".
spoken uttered through the medium of speech or characterized by speech; sometimes used in combination; "a spoken message"; "the spoken language"; "a soft-spoken person"; "sharp-spoken".
scrivened copied in handwriting.
whispered spoken in soft hushed tones without vibrations of the vocal cords; "a long whispered conversation".
vocalic being or containing or characterized by vowels; "vocalic sounds"; "the Gaelic language being uncommonly vocalic"- Walter Scott.
unstoppable not capable of being stopped; "as unstoppable as the wind".
unbeatable hard to defeat; "an unbeatable ball team".
polysyllabic having or characterized by words of more than three syllables.
syllabled pronounced in syllables.
unsyllabic nonsyllabic not forming a syllable or the nucleus of a syllable; consisting of a consonant sound accompanied in the same syllable by a vowel sound or consisting of a vowel sound dominated by other vowel sounds in a syllable (as the second vowel in a falling diphthong); "the nonsyllabic `n' in `botany' when it is pronounced `botny'"; "the nonsyllabic `i' in `oi'".
unsyllabled not articulated in syllables.
unfluctuating steady firm not liable to fluctuate or especially to fall; "stocks are still firm".
unstable lacking stability or fixity or firmness; "unstable political conditions"; "the tower proved to be unstable in the high wind"; "an unstable world economy".
rocky liable to rock; "on high rocky heels".
disconnected abrupt marked by sudden changes in subject and sharp transitions; "abrupt prose".
unstaged not performed on the stage.
unperformed not performed; "the author of numerous unperformed plays".
nonstandard not standard; not accepted as a model of excellence; "a nonstandard text".
modular constructed with standardized units or dimensions allowing flexibility and variety in use; "modular furniture"; "modular homes".
regular conforming to a standard or pattern; "following the regular procedure of the legislature"; "a regular electrical outlet".
regulation prescribed by or according to regulation; "regulation army equipment".
nonstandard varying from or not adhering to a standard; "nonstandard windows"; "envelopes of nonstandard sizes"; "nonstandard lengths of board".
substandard inferior deficient falling short of some prescribed norm; "substandard housing".
nonnormative not based on a norm.
classical (language) having the form used by ancient standard authors; "classical Greek.
nonstandard not conforming to the language usage of a prestige group within a community; "a nonstandard dialect is one used by uneducated speakers or socially disfavored groups"; "the common core of nonstandard words and phrases in folk speech"- A.R.Dunlap.
bad nonstandard; "so-called bad grammar".
unaccepted unacceptable not conforming to standard usage; "the following use of `access' was judged unacceptable by a panel of linguists; `You can access your cash at any of 300 automatic tellers'".
starchless lacking starch.
starry abounding with or resembling stars; "a starry night"; "starry illumination".
comet-like resembling a comet.
starlike resembling a star; "they saw a starlike object in the sky".
starless not starry; having no stars or starlike objects; "dark starless nights".
malnourished not being provided with adequate nourishment.
foodless being without food.
undernourished underfed ill-fed not getting adequate food; "gaunt underfed children"; "badly undernourished".
starving starved suffering from lack of food.
unfed not fed.
unnourished not nourished.
steady not subject to change or variation especially in behavior; "a steady beat"; "a steady job"; "a steady breeze"; "a steady increase"; "a good steady ballplayer".
firm (of especially a person's physical features) not shaking or trembling; "his voice was firm and confident"; "a firm step".
unwavering level not showing abrupt variations; "spoke in a level voice"; "she gave him a level look"- Louis Auchincloss.
sure certain not to fail; "a sure hand on the throttle".
surefooted sure-footed footsure not liable to stumble or fall; "on surefooted donkeys".
jerky jerking arrhythmic lacking a steady rhythm; "an arrhythmic heartbeat".
spastic spasmodic convulsive affected by involuntary jerky muscular contractions; resembling a spasm; "convulsive motions"; "his body made a spasmodic jerk"; "spastic movements".
fluctuating having unpredictable ups and downs; "fluctuating prices".
trembling shivering shaky vibrating slightly and irregularly; as e.g. with fear or cold or like the leaves of an aspen in a breeze; "a quaking bog"; "the quaking child asked for more"; "quivering leaves of a poplar tree"; "with shaking knees"; "seemed shaky on her feet"; "sparkling light from the shivering crystals of the chandelier"; "trembling hands".
tremulous quavering (of the voice) quivering as from weakness or fear; "the old lady's quavering voice"; "spoke timidly in a tremulous voice".
shuddering shaking convulsively or violently.
uneven variable and recurring at irregular intervals ; "an uneven gait"; "uneven spacing".
wobbling (of sound) fluctuating unsteadily; "a low-pitched wobbling sound".
stemless not having a stem; "stemless glassware".
thrilling causing quivering or shivering as by cold or fear or electric shock; "a thrilling wind blew off the frozen lake".
tranquillizing tranquillising tranquilizing tranquilising sedative ataraxic ataractic tending to soothe or tranquilize; "valium has a tranquilizing effect"; "took a hot drink with sedative properties before going to bed".
relaxant tending to relax or relieve muscular or nervous tension; "a relaxant drug".
soporific soporiferous somnific somniferous hypnogogic hypnagogic sleep inducing.
mouthless astomatous having no mouth or mouthlike opening.
straight having no deviations; "straight lines"; "straight roads across the desert"; "straight teeth"; "straight shoulders".
unbent not bent; "looking for an unbent nail"; "trees with straight unbent trunks make the best lumber".
untwisted not twisted; formerly twisted but now straight.
crooked having or marked by bends or angles; not straight or aligned; "crooked country roads"; "crooked teeth".
anfractuous full of twists and turns; "anfractuous cliffs".
writhen writhed contorted twisted (especially as in pain or struggle); "his mad contorted smile"; "writhed lips"; "my writhen features"- Walter scott.
knotty knotted knobbed gnarly gnarled used of old persons or old trees; covered with knobs or knots; "gnarled and knotted hands"; "a knobbed stick".
winding voluminous twisty twisting tortuous marked by repeated turns and bends; "a tortuous road up the mountain"; "winding roads are full of surprises"; "had to steer the car down a twisty track".
straight free from curves or angles; "a straight line".
curvilinear curvilineal characterized by or following a curved line; "curvilinear tracery"; "curvilinear motion".
uncoiled straight no longer coiled.
uncurled not curled; "lay uncurled on the bed".
straightforward aboveboard without concealment or deception; honest; "their business was open and aboveboard"; "straightforward in all his business affairs".
crooked corrupt not straight; dishonest or immoral or evasive.
underhanded underhand sneaky marked by deception; "achieved success in business only by underhand methods".
unstressed not bearing a stress or accent; "short vowels are unstressed".
weak unaccented light (used of vowels or syllables) pronounced with little or no stress; "a syllable that ends in a short vowel is a light syllable"; "a weak stress on the second syllable".
unemphatic not emphasized.
weapons-grade industrial-strength extremely strong or concentrated or durable; "industrial-strength detergent"; "weapons-grade salsa".
weak wanting in physical strength; "a weak pillar".
enervated debilitated asthenic adynamic lacking strength or vigor.
feeble faint lacking strength or vigor; "damning with faint praise"; "faint resistance"; "feeble efforts"; "a feeble voice".
lame feeble pathetically lacking in force or effectiveness; "a feeble excuse"; "a lame argument".
flimsy lacking solidity or strength; "a flimsy table"; "flimsy construction".
shoddy jerry-built of inferior workmanship and materials; "mean little jerry-built houses".
wishy-washy spineless namby-pamby gutless weak in willpower, courage or vitality.
wan sick pallid pale (of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble; "the pale light of a half moon"; "a pale sun"; "the late afternoon light coming through the el tracks fell in pale oblongs on the street"; "a pallid sky"; "the pale (or wan) stars"; "the wan light of dawn".
puny inferior in strength or significance; "a puny physique"; "puny excuses".
unregenerate stubborn obstinate tenaciously unwilling or marked by tenacious unwillingness to yield.
cantankerous bloody-minded stubbornly obstructive and unwilling to cooperate; "unions...have never been as bloody-minded about demarcation as the shipbuilders"- Spectator.
stroppy bolshy obstreperous.
pigheaded bullheaded bullet-headed obstinate and stupid.
unyielding tenacious pertinacious persistent dour dogged stubbornly unyielding; "dogged persistence"; "dour determination"; "the most vocal and pertinacious of all the critics"; "a mind not gifted to discover truth but tenacious to hold it"- T.S.Eliot; "men tenacious of opinion".
cross-grained contrarious difficult to deal with.
determined devoting full strength and concentrated attention to; "made continued and determined efforts to find and destroy enemy headquarters".
mulish hardheaded unreasonably rigid in the face of argument or entreaty or attack.
stiff-necked haughtily stubborn; "a stiff-necked old Boston brahmin".
sheeplike sheepish like or suggestive of a sheep in docility or stupidity or meekness or timidity.
subordinate subject or submissive to authority or the control of another; "a subordinate kingdom".
feudatory owing feudal allegiance to or being subject to a sovereign; "it remained feudatory to India until 1365".
subservient compliant and obedient to authority; "editors and journalists who express opinions in print that are opposed to the interests of the rich are dismissed and replaced by subservient ones"-G. B. Shaw.
insubordinate not submissive to authority; "a history of insubordinate behavior"; "insubordinate boys".
contumacious wilfully obstinate; stubbornly disobedient; "a contumaceous witness is subject to punishment".
unruly disobedient unwilling to submit to authority; "unruly teenagers".
rebellious resisting control or authority; "temperamentally rebellious"; "a rebellious crew".
unsuccessful not successful; having failed or having an unfavorable outcome.
attempted tried unsuccessfully; "attempted murder".
thwarted frustrated foiled discomfited disappointed defeated disappointingly unsuccessful; "disappointed expectations and thwarted ambitions"; "their foiled attempt to capture Calais"; "many frustrated poets end as pipe-smoking teachers"; "his best efforts were thwarted".
washed-up undone sunk ruined done_for doomed to extinction.
down-and-out lacking resources (or any prospect of resources).
hitless (of a batter) without a hit; "he went hitless for three innings".
scoreless hitless goalless having no points scores; "a scoreless inning".
unrealized unrealised unfulfilled of persons; marked by failure to realize full potentialities; "unfulfilled and uneasy men"; "unrealized dreams and ambitions".
unplaced not one of the first three in a race or competition.
winless having no wins; "the team had a very disappointing winless season".
sufficient of a quantity that can fulfill a need or requirement but without being abundant; "sufficient food".
comfortable sufficient to provide comfort; "a comfortable salary".
insufficient deficient of a quantity not able to fulfill a need or requirement; "insufficient funds".
low depleted no longer sufficient; "supplies are low"; "our funds are depleted".
short poor inadequate not sufficient to meet a need; "an inadequate income"; "a poor salary"; "money is short"; "on short rations"; "food is in short supply"; "short on experience".
skimpy lean containing little excess; "a lean budget"; "a skimpy allowance".
short scant light8 less than the correct or legal or full amount often deliberately so; "a light pound"; "a scant cup of sugar"; "regularly gives short weight".
sugar-coated candied encrusted with sugar or syrup; "candied grapefruit peel".
honeylike resembling honey.
sugarless nonsweet not containing sugar.
unsugared with no sugar added.
unsweetened not made sweet.
inferior of or characteristic of low rank or importance.
small modest lowly low humble low or inferior in station or quality; "a humble cottage"; "a lowly parish priest"; "a modest man of the people"; "small beginnings".
indifferent fairly poor to not very good; "has an indifferent singing voice"; "has indifferent qualifications for the job".
low-level at a low level in rank or importance; "a low-level job"; "low-level discussions".
middle-level intermediate in rank or position; "middle-level management".
outclassed decisively surpassed by something else so as to appear to be of a lower class.
inferior of low or inferior quality.
bad below average in quality or performance; "a bad chess player"; "a bad recital".
base (used of metals) consisting of or alloyed with inferior metal; "base coins of aluminum"; "a base metal".
tinny sleazy punk crummy chintzy cheesy cheap bum of very poor quality; flimsy.
bush-league bush not of the highest quality or sophistication.
tawdry shoddy cheapjack cheap and shoddy; "cheapjack moviemaking...that feeds on the low taste of the mob"- Judith Crist.
common coarse of low or inferior quality or value; "of what coarse metal ye are molded"- Shakespeare; "produced...the common cloths used by the poorer population".
coarsened made coarse or crude by lack of skill.
commercial-grade commercial of the kind or quality used in commerce; average or inferior; "commercial grade of beef"; "commercial oxalic acid".
wretched woeful miserable execrable deplorable of very poor quality or condition; "deplorable housing conditions in the inner city"; "woeful treatment of the accused"; "woeful errors of judgment".
less (usually preceded by `no') lower in quality; "no less than perfect".
low-grade of inferior quality.
second-rate mediocre moderate to inferior in quality; "they improved the quality from mediocre to above average".
ropy ropey (British informal) very poor in quality; "ropey food"; "a ropey performance".
stunted scrubby scrawny inferior in size or quality; "scrawny cattle"; "scrubby cut-over pine"; "old stunted thorn trees".
second-class of inferior status or quality; "a second-class citizen"; "second-class accommodations".
third-rate of lesser quality than second-rate.
utility-grade utility used of beef; usable but inferior.
subjacent lying nearby but lower; "hills and subjacent valleys".
unsupervised not supervised or under constant observation; "the school maintains unsupervised study halls during free periods"; "reliable workers are generally unsupervised".
unattended not watched; "she dashed out leaving the bar unattended"; "a fire left unattended".
pendent pendant dependent held from above; "a pendant bunch of grapes".
unsupported not held up or borne; "removal of the central post left the roof unsupported".
unbraced without braces or props.
unsupported not sustained or maintained by nonmaterial aid; "unsupported accusations".
wild unwarranted unfounded idle groundless baseless without a basis in reason or fact; "baseless gossip"; "the allegations proved groundless"; "idle fears"; "unfounded suspicions"; "unwarranted jealousy".
unbacked unassisted single-handed unsupported by other people.
power-assisted supplementing or replacing manual effort; "power-assisted steering".
unassisted lacking help.
naked (of the eye or ear e.g.) without the aid of an optical or acoustical device or instrument; "visible to the naked eye".
unaided carried out without aid or assistance; "his first unaided walk through the park".
unsupportive not furnishing support or assistance.
contradictory confounding that confounds or contradicts or confuses.
invalidating disconfirming establishing as invalid or untrue.
unsurmountable insurmountable not capable of being surmounted or overcome; "insurmountable disadvantages".
unconquerable insuperable incapable of being surmounted or excelled; "insuperable odds"; "insuperable heroes".
surprised taken unawares or suddenly and feeling wonder or astonishment; "surprised by her student's ingenuity"; "surprised that he remembered my name"; "a surprised expression".
gobsmacked utterly astounded.
jiggered (British informal expletive) surprised; "Well I'm jiggered!".
startled excited by sudden surprise or alarm and making a quick involuntary movement; "students startled by the teacher's quiet return"; "the sudden fluttering of the startled pigeons"; "her startled expression".
unsurprised not_surprised not surprised or expressing surprise; "that unsuprised obstinate look on his face".
surprising causing surprise or wonder or amazement; "the report shows a surprising lack of hard factual data"; "leaped up with surprising agility"; "she earned a surprising amount of money".
startling so remarkably different or sudden as to cause momentary shock or alarm; "Sydney's startling new Opera House"; "startling news"; "startling earthquake shocks".
stunning causing great astonishment and consternation; "the strike came as a stunning protest against management"; "a stunning defeat".
supersensitized supersensitive supersensitised sensitized sensitised hypersensitized hypersensitive hypersensitised allergic having an allergy or peculiar or excessive susceptibility (especially to a specific factor); "allergic children"; "hypersensitive to pollen".
amenable open to being acted upon in a certain way; "an amenable hospitalization should not result in untimely death"; "the tumor was not amenable to surgical treatment".
subject open8 capable possibly accepting or permitting; "a passage capable of misinterpretation"; "open to interpretation"; "an issue open to question"; "the time is fixed by the director and players and therefore subject to much variation".
suasible persuasible persuadable convincible being susceptible to persuasion.
unresistant nonresistant nonimmune liable (often followed by `to') likely to be affected with; "liable to diabetes".
tractable amenable readily reacting to suggestions and influences; "a responsive student".
suggestible susceptible or responsive to suggestion; "suggestible young minds".
temptable susceptible to temptation.
unvaccinated not vaccinated.
vulnerable susceptible to criticism or persuasion or temptation; "vulnerable to bribery"; "an argument vulnerable to refutation".
unsusceptible insusceptible not susceptible to.
resistant immune relating to or conferring immunity (to disease or infection).
incapable not being susceptible to or admitting of something (usually followed by `of'); "incapable of solution".
unsuasible unpersuadable not susceptible to persuasion.
unresponsive not susceptible to suggestion or influence.
unimpressionable not sensitive or susceptible to impression; "an unimpressionable mind".
exempt (of persons) freed from or not subject to an obligation or liability (as e.g. taxes) to which others or other things are subject; "a beauty somehow exempt from the aging process"; "exempt from jury duty"; "only the very poorest citizens should be exempt from income taxes".
privileged not subject to usual rules or penalties; "a privileged statement".
nonexempt (of persons) not exempt from an obligation or liability.
liable subject to legal action; "liable to criminal charges".
taxpaying not exempt from paying taxes; "after training they became productive taxpaying citizens".
unexcused not excused; "too many unexcused absences".
unscheduled not scheduled or not on a regular schedule; "an unscheduled meeting"; "the plane made an unscheduled stop at Gander for refueling".
dry (of liquor) having a low residual sugar content because of decomposition of sugar during fermentation; "a dry white burgundy"; "a dry Bordeaux".
brut (of champagne) extremely dry.
treacly syrupy saccharine cloying overly sweet.
sour having a sharp biting taste.
astringent acerbic acerb sour or bitter in taste.
vinegary vinegarish acetous acetose tasting or smelling like vinegar.
acidulous acidulent acidic acid being sour to the taste.
tart tangy sourish lemony lemonlike tasting sour like a lemon.
subacid slightly sour to the taste.
soured having turned bad.
turned sour off in an unpalatable state; "sour milk".
unsoured not having turned bad.
unfermented sweet fresh not soured or preserved; "sweet milk".
unsuspected not suspected or believed likely; "remained unsuspected as the head of the spy ring"; "he was able to get into the building unspotted and unsuspected"; "unsuspected difficulties arose"; "unsuspected turnings in the road".
unknown not known to exist; "things obscurely felt surged up from unknown depths".
unswept not swept or having sweep; "a boxy little plane with square unswept wings".
sworn bound by or stated on oath; "now my sworn friend and then mine enemy"- Shakespeare.
unsworn not bound by or stated on oath; "the witness stands unsworn"; "unsworn testimony".
regular1 even symmetrically arranged; "even features"; "regular features"; "a regular polygon".
trigonal rhombohedral having threefold symmetry.
asymmetrical asymmetric characterized by asymmetry in the spatial arrangement or placement of parts or components.
noninterchangeable such that the terms of an expression cannot be interchanged without changing the meaning; "the arguments of the symmetric relation, `is the father of', are noninterchangeable".
unsymmetrical unsymmetric lacking symmetry.
commiserative feeling or expressing sympathy; "made commiserative clicking sounds with his tongue"- Kenneth Roberts.
unsympathetic not sympathetic or disposed toward; "unsympathetic officialdom"; "people unsympathetic to the revolution"; "his dignity made him seem aloof and unsympathetic".
unsympathizing unsympathising not showing or expressing sympathy; "an uncharitable and unsympathizing attitude".
sympathetic likeable likable appealing (of characters in literature or drama) evoking empathic or sympathetic feelings; "the sympathetic characters in the play".
unsympathetic unlikeable unlikable unappealing (of characters in literature or drama) tending to evoke antipathetic feelings; "all the characters were peculiarly unsympathetic".
asynchronous not synchronous; not occurring or existing at the same time or having the same period or phase.
unsynchronous unsynchronized unsynchronised nonsynchronous not occurring together.
asyndetic lacking conjunctions.
similar (of words) expressing closely related meanings.
substitutable (of words) interchangeable in a given context without changing the import of the expression.
complementary of words or propositions so related that each is the negation of the other; "`male' and `female' are complementary terms".
contradictory of words or propositions so related that both cannot be true and both cannot be false; "`perfect' and `imperfect' are contradictory terms".
systematic characterized by order and planning; "the investigation was very systematic"; "a systematic administrator".
unsystematic lacking systematic arrangement or method or organization; "unsystematic and fragmentary records"; "he works in an unsystematic manner".
taciturn habitually reserved and uncommunicative.
buttoned-up (British colloquial) not inclined to conversation.
talky talkative loquacious garrulous gabby chatty full of trivial conversation; "kept from her housework by gabby neighbors".
untactful tactless lacking or showing a lack of what is fitting and considerate in dealing with others; "in the circumstances it was tactless to ask her age".
in_height having a specified height; "five feet tall"; "five feet in height".
tall-growing leggy (of plants) having tall spindly stems.
short little low in stature; not tall; "he was short and stocky"; "short in stature"; "a short smokestack"; "a little man".
sawn-off sawed-off runty pint-sized pint-size well below average height.
wild untamed in a natural state; not tamed or domesticated or cultivated; "wild geese"; "edible wild plants".
savage ferine feral wild and menacing; "a pack of feral dogs".
unbroken not subdued or trained for service or use; "unbroken colts".
undomesticated not domesticated; "a few undomesticated horses left".
disorderly chaotic completely unordered and unpredictable and confusing.
manic frenzied affected with or marked by frenzy or mania uncontrolled by reason; "a frenzied attack"; "a frenzied mob"; "the prosecutor's frenzied denunciation of the accused"- H.W.Carter; "outbursts of drunken violence and manic activity and creativity".
tactual tactile producing a sensation of touch; "tactile qualities"; "the tactual luxury of stroking silky human hair".
intangible impalpable incapable of being perceived by the senses especially the sense of touch; "the intangible constituent of energy"- James Jeans.
intangible (of especially business assets) not having physical substance or intrinsic productive value; "intangible assets such as good will".
barbaric unrestrained and crudely rich; "barbaric use of color or ornament".
trashy tawdry tatty tacky meretricious loud gimcrack gaudy garish flashy flash cheap brassy tastelessly showy; "a flash car"; "a flashy ring"; "garish colors"; "a gaudy costume"; "loud sport shirts"; "a meretricious yet stylish book"; "tawdry ornaments".
brummagem cheap and showy; "a cheap Brummagem imitation".
campy camp providing sophisticated amusement by virtue of having artificially (and vulgarly) mannered or banal or sentimental qualities; "they played up the silliness of their roles for camp effect"; "campy Hollywood musicals of the 1940's".
pretentious ostentatious (of a display) tawdry or vulgar.
sour-tasting acid-tasting having a sour acidic taste.
bitter causing a sharp and acrid taste experience;"quinine is bitter".
semisweet bittersweet having a taste that is a mixture of bitterness and sweetness.
saporous sapid flavoursome flavourous flavourful flavorsome flavorous flavorful full of flavor.
fruity tasting or smelling richly of or as of fruit.
peppery having the piquant burning taste of peppers; "corn chips with peppery salsa".
nippy a sharp biting taste; "a nippy cheese".
nutty nutlike having the flavor of nuts; "a nutty sherry".
zesty spicy savoury savory piquant having an agreeably pungent taste.
salty one of the four basic taste sensations; like the taste of sea water.
smoky tasting of smoke; "smoky sausages".
sour one of the four basic taste sensations; like the taste of vinegar or lemons.
winy winey having the taste of wine; "a rich winy taste".
tasteless lacking flavor.
vapid savourless savorless insipid flavourless flavorless flat bland lacking taste or flavor or tang; "a bland diet"; "insipid hospital food"; "flavorless supermarket tomatoes"; "vapid beer"; "vapid tea".
unflavoured unflavored nonflavoured nonflavored without flavoring added.
unseasoned unsalted without salt or seasoning.
nontaxable exempt (of goods or funds) not subject to taxation; "the funds of nonprofit organizations are nontaxable"; "income exempt from taxation".
duty-free exempt from duty; "duty-free liquor".
temperate not extreme in behavior; "temperate in his habits"; "a temperate response to an insult"; "temperate in his eating and drinking".
intemperate excessive in behavior; "intemperate rage".
temperate (of weather or climate) free from extremes; mild; or characteristic of such weather or climate; "a temperate region"; "the temperate zones"; "temperate plants".
equable not varying; "an equable climate".
intemperate (of weather or climate) not mild; subject to extremes; "an intemperate climate"; "intemperate zones".
lax lacking in strength or firmness or resilience; "a lax rope"; "a limp handshake".
sagging droopy drooping hanging down (as from exhaustion or weakness).
limp lacking in strength or firmness or resilience; "gave a limp handshake"; "a limp gesture as if waving away all desire to know" G.K.Chesterton; "a slack grip".
slack loose not tense or taut; "the old man's skin hung loose and grey"; "slack and wrinkled skin"; "slack sails"; "a slack rope".
suspensive suspenseful nail-biting cliff-hanging (of a situation) characterized by or causing suspense.
taut subjected to great tension; stretched tight; "the skin of his face looked drawn and tight"; "her nerves were taut as the strings of a bow".
itchy fretful fidgety antsy nervous and unable to relax; "a constant fretful stamping of hooves"; "a restless child".
unrelaxed nor relaxed; "his life was drawing to a close in baffled zeal and unrelaxed strain"- U.B.Phillips.
wired pumped_up pumped-up pumped tense with excitement and enthusiasm as from a rush of adrenaline; "we were really pumped up for the race"; "he was so pumped he couldn't sleep".
relaxed without strain or anxiety; "gave the impression of being quite relaxed"; "a relaxed and informal discussion".
mellow laid-back unhurried and relaxed; "a mellow conversation".
hypotonic (of living tissue) lacking normal tone or tension.
nonterritorial not displaying territoriality; "a nonterritorial species".
thin relatively thin in consistency or low in density; not viscous; "air is thin at high altitudes"; "a thin soup"; "skimmed milk is much thinner than whole milk"; "thin oil".
rarified rarefied rare having low density; "rare gasses"; "lightheaded from the rarefied mountain air".
imaginable conceivable capable of being imagined; "that is one possible answer".
unthinkable incapable of being conceived or considered.
unthoughtful unthinking unreflective not exhibiting or characterized by careful thought.
stinting sparing scotch frugal economical avoiding waste; "an economical meal"; "an economical shopper"; "a frugal farmer"; "a frugal lunch"; "a sparing father and a spending son"; "sparing in their use of heat and light"; "stinting in bestowing gifts"; "thrifty because they remember the great Depression"; "`scotch' is used only informally".
wasteful tending to squander and waste.
spendthrift profligate prodigal extravagant recklessly wasteful; "prodigal in their expenditures".
pound-foolish unwise in dealing with large sums.
uneconomical uneconomic wasteful of resources.
well-kept trim shipshape of places; characterized by order and neatness; free from disorder; "even the barn was shipshape"; "a trim little sailboat".
unlittered uncluttered having nothing extraneous; "an uncluttered room"; "the unlittered shoulders of the road".
untidy not neat and tidy; "careless and untidy in her personal habits"; "an untidy living room"; "untidy and casual about money".
littered cluttered filled or scattered with a disorderly accumulation of objects or rubbish; "the storm left the drivewaylittered with sticks nd debris"; "his library was a cluttered room with piles of books on every chair".
tousled rumpled frowzled dishevelled disheveled in disarray; extremely disorderly; "her clothing was disheveled"; "powder-smeared and frowzled"; "a rumpled unmade bed"; "a bed with tousled sheets"; "his brown hair was tousled, thick, and curly"- Al Spiers.
topsy-turvy jumbled hugger-mugger higgledy-piggledy disorderly in utter disorder; "a disorderly pile of clothes".
slovenly frowzy frowsy negligent of neatness especially in dress and person; habitually dirty and unkempt; "filled the door with her frowzy bulk"; "frowzy white hair"; "slovenly appearance".
mussy messy dirty and disorderly; "a mussy fussy bedroom"; "a child's messy eating habits".
scraggly lacking neatness or order; "the old man's scraggly beard"; "a scraggly little path to the door".
sloppy lacking neatness or order; "a sloppy room"; "sloppy habits".
slouchy lacking stiffness in form or posture; "a slouchy sweater".
straggly straggling sprawling rambling spreading out in different directions; "sprawling handwriting"; "straggling branches"; "straggly hair".
unkempt not properly maintained or cared for; "an unkempt garden"; "native vistas and unkempt rambling paths"; "an ukempt appearance".
well-groomed having your hair neatly brushed and combed.
ungroomed not neat and smart in appearance; "he was wrinkled and ungroomed, with a two-day beard"; "ungroomed hair".
ill-dressed not well dressed.
unbrushed (of hair or clothing) not brushed; "snarled unbrushed hair"; "the suit was wrinkled and unbrushed, as if it had been slept in".
uncombable not capable of being combed.
unkempt not neatly combed; "wild unkempt hair".
timber-framed framed by exposed timbers; "a magnificently timbered old barn".
untimbered lacking timbers; "an untimbered boat".
toneless lacking in tone or expression; "his toneless mechanical voice".
tongued provided with or resembling a tongue; often used in combination; "tongued shoes"; "tongued boards"; "toungued lightning"; "long-tongued".
tongueless lacking a tongue; "tongueless moccasins".
tipped having a tip; or having a tip as specified (used in combination); "a rubber-tipped cane".
pink-tipped of a leaf tipped with pink.
plume-tipped of a plant tipped with a plume.
spine-tipped of a plant tipped with a spine.
thorn-tipped of a plant tipped with a thorn.
yellow-tipped of a flower tipped with yellow.
untipped not provided with a special tip; "untipped cigarettes".
worn raddled haggard drawn careworn showing the wearing effects of overwork or care or suffering; "looking careworn as she bent over her mending"; "her face was drawn and haggard from sleeplessness"; "that raddled but still noble face"; "shocked to see the worn look of his handsome young face"- Charles Dickens.
flagging drooping weak from exhaustion.
footsore having sore or tired feet.
whacked (British informal) exhausted or worn out.
supportable sufferable endurable bearable capable of being borne though unpleasant; "sufferable punishment".
tolerant resistant able to tolerate environmental conditions or physiological stress; "the plant is tolerant of saltwater"; "these fish are quite tolerant as long as extremes of pH are avoided"; "the new hybrid is more resistant to drought".
unendurable unbearable intolerable incapable of being put up with; "an intolerable degree of sentimentality".
bitter very difficult to accept or bear; "the bitter truth"; "a bitter sorrow".
unsupportable not able to be supported or defended.
unbigoted not opinionated.
intolerant unwilling to tolerate difference of opinion.
bigoted blindly and obstinately attached to some creed or opinion and intolerant toward others; "a bigoted person"; "an outrageously bigoted point of view".
strict rigid incapable of compromise or flexibility.
unkeyed atonal characterized by avoidance of traditional western tonality.
gap-toothed having widely spaced teeth; "his gap-toothed grin".
edentulous having lost teeth.
inferior lower than a given reference point; "inferior alveolar artery".
nether lower; "gnawed his nether lip".
bottomed having a bottom of a specified character.
equatorial of or existing at or near the geographic equator; "equatorial Africa".
intestate having made no legally valid will before death or not disposed of by a legal will; "he died intestate"; "intestate property".
untouched not having come in contact.
tough resistant to cutting or chewing.
rubbery gristly cartilaginous difficult to chew.
chewy requiring much chewing.
unchewable stringy sinewy fibrous (of meat) full of sinews; especially impossible to chew.
tender easy to cut or chew; "tender beef".
thickened calloused callous having calluses; having skin made tough and thick through wear; "calloused skin"; "with a workman's callous hands".
untoughened tender physically untoughened; "tender feet".
soft delicate easily hurt; "soft hands"; "a baby's delicate skin".
tough not given to gentleness or sentimentality; "a tough character".
pugnacious hard-boiled hard-bitten tough and callous by virtue of experience.
unsentimental tough-minded facing facts or difficulties realistically and with determination.
protective showing care; "a protective mother".
toxic of or relating to or caused by a toxin or poison; "suffering from exposure to toxic substances".
virulent venomous deadly extremely poisonous or injurious; producing venom; "venomous snakes"; "a virulent insect bite".
hepatotoxic toxic to the liver.
nephrotoxic toxic to the kidney.
toxicant poisonous having the qualities or effects of a poison.
nontoxic atoxic not producing or resulting from poison.
antitoxic counteracting a toxin or poison.
nonpoisonous non-poisonous not producing poison.
nonvenomous not producing venom; "nonvenomous snakes".
intractable not tractable; difficult to manage or mold; "an intractable disposition"; "intractable pain"; "the most intractable issue of our era"; "intractable metal".
balky balking stopping short and refusing to go on; "a balking"; "a balky mule"; "a balky customer".
stubborn refractory not responding to treatment; "a stubborn infection"; "a refractory case of acne"; "stubborn rust stains".
unmanageable uncontrollable difficult to solve or alleviate; "uncontrollable pain".
unmalleable difficult or impossible to shape or work.
untraceable incapable of being traced or tracked down; "an untraceable source".
untravelled untraveled not traveled over or through; "untraveled roads".
untraversed not traveled over or through; "untraveled roads"; "an untraversed region".
untrimmed uncut not trimmed; "shaggy untrimmed locks".
unclipped not clipped; "unclipped rosebushes"; "unclipped hair".
troubled characterized by or indicative of distress or affliction or danger or need; "troubled areas"; "fell into a troubled sleep"; "a troubled expression"; "troubled teenagers".
vexed pestered harried harassed annoyed troubled persistently especially with petty annoyances; "harassed working mothers"; "a harried expression"; "her poor pestered father had to endure her constant interruptions"; "the vexed parents of an unruly teenager".
unquiet uneasy queasy nervous anxious causing or fraught with or showing anxiety; "spent an anxious night waiting for the test results"; "cast anxious glances behind her"; "those nervous moments before takeoff"; "an unquiet mind".
tempest-tost tempest-tossed tempest-swept storm-tossed buffeted pounded or hit repeatedly by storms or adversities.
careful full of cares or anxiety; "Thou art careful and troubled about many things"-Luke 10.41.
heavy-laden care-laden burdened by cares; "all ye that labor and are heavy-laden"-Matt.11:28.
clouded made troubled or apprehensive or distressed in appearance; "his face was clouded with unhappiness".
worried upset disturbed distressed disquieted afflicted with or marked by anxious uneasiness or trouble or grief; "too upset to say anything"; "spent many disquieted moments"; "distressed about her son's leaving home"; "lapsed into disturbed sleep"; "worried parents"; "a worried frown"; "one last worried check of the sleeping children".
in_a_bad_way hard_put hard-pressed distressed facing or experiencing financial trouble or difficulty; "distressed companies need loans and technical advice"; "financially hard-pressed Mexican hotels are lowering their prices"; "we were hard put to meet the mortgage payment"; "found themselves in a bad way financially".
fraught marked by distress; "a fraught mother-daughter relationship".
mothy infested with moths.
stressed distressed suffering severe physical strain or distress; "he dropped out of the race, clearly distressed and having difficulty breathing".
struggling engaged in a struggle to overcome especially poverty or obscurity; "a financially struggling theater"; "struggling artists".
suffering troubled by pain or loss; "suffering refugees".
troublous full of trouble; "these are troublous times".
untroubled not beset by troubles or disturbance or distress; "seemed untroubled by doubts of any kind"; "untroubled sleep"; "a kind untroubled face".
clear characterized by freedom from troubling thoughts (especially guilt); "a clear conscience"; "regarded her questioner with clear untroubled eyes".
dreamless untroubled by dreams; "a sound and dreamless sleep".
trouble-free without problems or difficulties; "NASA reported a trouble-free launch".
undisturbed untroubled by interference or disturbance; "he could pursue his studies undisturbed".
unmolested not interfered with, disturbed, or harmed.
sure infallible or unfailing; "a sure (or true) sign of one's commitment".
false not in accordance with the fact or reality or actuality; "gave false testimony under oath"; "false tales of bravery".
mendacious intentionally untrue; "a mendacious statement".
spurious specious plausible but false; "a specious claim"; "spurious inferences".
trumped-up concocted with intent to deceive; "trumped-up charges".
untrue not according with the facts; "unfortunately the statement was simply untrue".
unsuspicious unsuspecting not suspicious; "deceiving the unsuspecting public".
misanthropical misanthropic cynical believing the worst of human nature and motives; having a sneering disbelief in e.g. selflessness of others.
overjealous jealous green-eyed suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival; "a jealous lover".
wary untrusting suspicious mistrustful leery openly distrustful and unwilling to confide.
oversuspicious unduly suspicious.
untrusty untrustworthy not worthy of trust or belief; "an untrustworthy person".
shifty devious characterized by insincerity or deceit; evasive; "a devious character"; "shifty eyes".
tricky slippery not to be trusted; "how extraordinarily slippery a liar the camera is"- James Agee.
tubeless of a tire; not needing an inner tube.
untucked lacking tucks or not being tucked; "the sheet came untucked"; "plain untucked shirt front".
unturned not turned; "left no stone unturned".
untypical atypical not representative of a group, class, or type; "a group that is atypical of the target audience"; "a class of atypical mosses"; "atypical behavior is not the accepted type of response that we expect from children".
unrepresentative not exemplifying a class; "I soon tumbled to the fact that my weekends were atypical"; "behavior quite unrepresentative (or atypical) of the profession".
nonsubmersible nonsubmergible not submersible or submergible.
tearful filled with or marked by tears; "tearful eyes"; "tearful entreaties".
swimming liquid filled or brimming with tears; "swimming eyes"; "sorrow made the eyes of many grow liquid".
watery-eyed teary-eyed teary with eyes full of tears.
snuffly snuffling sniffly liable to sniffle.
weepy liable to weep easily.
dry not shedding tears; "dry sobs"; "with dry eyes".
closed requiring union membership; "a closed shop".
nonunion not belonging to or not allowing affiliation with a trade union; "nonunion carpenters"; "a nonunion contractor".
unorganized unorganised nonunionized nonunionised not affiliated in a trade union; "the workers in the plant were unorganized".
coalescing coalescent growing together, fusing; "coalescent tradititions"; "coalescent bones".
undivided not parted by conflict of opinion; "presented an undivided front".
unpartitioned not divided by partitions.
tined pronged having prongs or tines; usually used in combination; "a three-tined fork".
torn disrupted by the pull of contrary forces; "torn between love and hate"; "torn by conflicting loyalties"; "torn by religious dissensions".
bivalved bivalve used of mollusks having two shells (as clams etc.).
ascensive ascendent ascendant tending or directed upward; "rooted and ascendant strength like that of foliage"- John Ruskin.
raining falling in drops or as if falling like rain; "watched the raining apple blossoms".
falling becoming lower or less in degree or value; "a falling market"; "falling incomes".
down becoming progressively lower; "the down trend in the real estate market".
soft0 (of a commodity or market or currency) falling or likely to fall in value; "the market for computers is soft".
climactic consisting of or causing a climax; "a climactic development".
downmarket designed for low-income consumers.
intransitive designating a verb that does not require or cannot take a direct object.
