untranslatable not capable of being put into another form or style or language; "an untranslatable idiom"; "untranslatable art".
unguiculated unguiculate having or resembling claws or nails; "unguiculate animals"; "an unguiculate flower petal".
set being below the horizon; "the moon is set".
weak tending downward in price; "a weak market for oil stocks".
misused used incorrectly or carelessly or for an improper purpose; "misused words are often laughable but one weeps for misused talents".
useless having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully; "a kitchen full of useless gadgets"; "she is useless in an emergency".
unavailing otiose ineffectual futile producing no result or effect; "a futile effort"; "the therapy was ineffectual"; "an otiose undertaking"; "an unavailing attempt".
inutile not worth using.
unuseable unusable unserviceable not capable of being used.
utopian characterized by or aspiring to impracticable perfection; "the dim utopian future"; "utopian idealists"; "recognized the utopian nature of his hopes".
windy visionary laputan impractical airy not practical or realizable; speculative; "airy theories about socioeconomic improvement"; "visionary schemes for getting rich".
dystopian as bad as can be; characterized by human misery; "AIDS is one of the dystopian harbingers of the global villages"- Susan Sontag.
invalid having no cogency or legal force; "invalid reasoning"; "an invalid driver's license".
uncollectible bad not capable of being collected; "a bad (or uncollectible) debt".
unsound fallacious containing or based on a fallacy; "fallacious reasoning"; "an unsound argument".
false erroneous and usually accidental; "a false start"; "a false alarm".
nullified invalidated deprived of legal force.
void null lacking any legal or binding force; "null and void".
sophistical sophistic plausible but misleading.
worthless lacking in usefulness or value; "a worthless idler".
manky inferior and worthless.
trifling paltry negligible not worth considering; "he considered the prize too paltry for the lives it must cost"; "piffling efforts"; "a trifling matter".
wasted superfluous senseless purposeless pointless otiose serving no useful purpose; having no excuse for being; "otiose lines in a play"; "advice is wasted words"; "a pointless remark"; "a life essentially purposeless"; "senseless violence".
trashy rubbishy cheap and inferior; of no value; "rubbishy newspapers that form almost the sole reading of the majority"; "trashy merchandise".
tinpot inferior (especially of a country's leadership); "he's a tinpot Hitler".
covariant changing so that interrelations with another variable quantity or set of quantities remain unchanged.
shifting continuously varying; "taffeta with shifting colors".
variant exhibiting variation and change; "letters variant in size".
invariable not liable to or capable of change; "an invariable temperature"; "an invariable rule"; "his invariable courtesy".
varied characterized by variety; "immigrants' varied ethnic and religious traditions"; "his work is interesting and varied".
varying variable marked by diversity or difference; "the varying angles of roof slope"; "nature is infinitely variable".
unvarying unvaried lacking variety.
airy aired open to or abounding in fresh air; "airy rooms".
louvered supplied with louvers for ventilation; "a louvered door".
unventilated not ventilated; "stuffy unventilated rooms".
unaired stuffy close airless lacking fresh air; "a dusty airless attic"; "the dreadfully close atmosphere"; "hot and stuffy and the air was blue with smoke".
fuggy (British informal) poorly ventilated.
unoxygenated unaerated (used of blood) not supplied with oxygen.
unvented not provided with vents.
spineless invertebrate lacking a backbone or spinal column; "worms are an example of invertebrate animals".
violable capable of being violated; "a violable rule"; "a violable contract".
inviolable incapable of being transgressed or dishonored; "the person of the king is inviolable"; "an inviolable oath".
untouchable unassailable impossible to assail.
convulsive resembling a convulsion in being sudden and violent; "a convulsive rage"; "convulsive laughter".
raging hot characterized by violent and forceful activity or movement; very intense; "the fighting became hot and heavy"; "a hot engagement"; "a raging battle"; "the river became a raging torrent".
knockdown-dragout knock-down-and-drag-out extremely violent; "a knock-down-and-drag-out fight".
lashing violently urging on by whipping or flogging; "looked at the lashing riders".
lurid horrible in fierceness or savagery; "lurid crimes"; "a lurid life".
rampageous displaying raging violence; often destructive; "the hot rampageous horses of my will"- W.H.Auden.
tough ruffianly violent and lawless; "the more ruffianly element"; "tough street gangs".
slam-bang violent and sudden and noisy; "a slam-bang collision".
nonviolent abstaining (on principle) from the use of violence.
impeccable not capable of sin.
wicked morally bad in principle or practice.
vicious evil having the nature of vice.
heinous flagitious extremely wicked, deeply criminal; "a flagitious crime"; "heinous accusations".
ungodly sinful iniquitous characterized by iniquity; wicked because it is believed to be a sin; "iniquitous deeds"; "he said it was sinful to wear lipstick"; "ungodly acts".
unreformable unredeemable irredeemable irreclaimable insusceptible of reform; "vicious irreclaimable boys"; "irredeemable sinners".
villainous nefarious extremely wicked; "nefarious schemes"; "a villainous plot"; "a villainous band of thieves".
peccant peccable liable to sin; "a frail and peccable mortal"- Sir Walter Scott.
visual ocular visible; "be sure of it; give me the ocular proof"- Shakespeare; "a visual presentation"; "a visual image".
unseeable invisible impossible or nearly impossible to see; imperceptible by the eye; "the invisible man"; "invisible rays"; "an invisible hinge"; "invisible mending".
out_of_sight hidden concealed not accessible to view; "concealed (or hidden) damage"; "in stormy weather the stars are out of sight".
nonvisual not resulting in vision; "nonvisual stimuli".
occult hidden and difficult to see; "an occult fracture"; "occult blood in the stool".
unseeyn not seen or perceived; "unseen natural resources".
viviparous live-bearing producing living young (not eggs).
broody physiologically ready to incubate eggs; "a broody hen".
self-imposed voluntarily assumed or endured; "self-imposed exile".
willing unforced uncoerced not brought about by coercion or force; "the confession was uncoerced".
unvoluntary nonvoluntary involuntary not subject to the control of the will; "involuntary manslaughter"; "involuntary servitude"; "an involuntary shudder"; "It (becoming a hero) was involuntary. They sank my boat"- John F.Kennedy.
unconscious without conscious volition.
unwilled without deliberate volition.
unwilling in spite of contrary volition.
reflexive reflex automatic without volition or conscious control; "the automatic shrinking of the pupils of the eye in strong light"; "a reflex knee jerk"; "sneezing is reflexive".
vegetative relating to involuntary bodily functions; "vegetative functions such as digestion or growth or circulation".
undefended undefendable open assailable not defended or capable of being defended; "an open city"; "open to attack".
compromising vulnerable to danger especially of discredit or suspicion; "she found herself in a compromising situation".
defenseless defenceless lacking protection or support; "a defenseless child".
endangered (of flora or fauna) in imminent danger of extinction; "an endangered species".
indefensible not able to be protected against attack.
unsafe insecure not safe from attack.
threatened (of flora or fauna) likely in the near future to become endangered; "the spotted owl is a threatened species, not yet an endangered one".
under_fire under_attack subjected to enemy attack or censure; "an official under fire for mismanagement".
unguarded lacking protection or a guard; "an unguarded gate"; "his unguarded queen was open to attack".
airtight air-tight having no weak points; "an airtight defense"; "an airtight argument".
sheltered protected from danger or bad weather; "a sheltered harbor".
untouchable beyond the reach of criticism or attack or impeachment; "for the first time criticism was directed at a hitherto untouchable target"- Newsweek.
hot wanted by the police; "a hot suspect".
unwanted not wanted; not needed; "tried to give away unwanted kittens".
outcaste casteless not belonging to or having been expelled from a caste and thus having no place or status in society; "the foreigner was a casteless person".
uncalled-for not required or requested; "uncalled-for suggestions".
unclaimed not claimed or called for by an owner or assignee; "unclaimed luggage".
unsought undesired not desired; "an undesired result".
unwished-for unwished unwelcome not welcome; "unwelcome publicity".
warm psychologically warm; friendly and responsive; "a warm greeting"; "a warm personality"; "warm support".
cordial politely warm and friendly; "a cordial handshake".
unresponsive aloof or indifferent; "was unresponsive to her passionate advances".
cold (color) giving no sensation of warmth; "a cold bluish grey".
cold-blooded having cold blood (in animals whose body temperature is not internally regulated).
wash-and-wear drip-dry treated so as to be easily or quickly washed and dried and requiring little or no ironing; "a wash-and-wear shirt".
waxed treated with wax; "waxed floors"; "waxed mustache".
unwaxed not waxed; "the unwaxed floor".
acceleratory accelerative tending to increase velocity.
accretionary marked or produced by accretion.
accretive growing by accretion.
multiplicative tending or having the power to multiply or increase in number or quantity or degree; "the multiplicative tendency of proportional representation".
decreasing becoming less or smaller.
depreciatory depreciative depreciating tending to decrease or cause a decrease in value; "a depreciating currency"; "depreciatory effects on prices".
detractive causing to decrease in importance or value; "detractive influences on the volume of investment".
falling decreasing in amount or degree; "falling temperature".
inflationary associated with or tending to cause increases in inflation; "inflationary prices".
unweaned not weaned; "some children remain unweaned until their second or third birthdays".
unwearable not suitable for wear or able to be worn; "shoes so dilapidated as to be unwearable".
weedy abounding with or resembling weeds; "a weedy path"; "weedy plants that take over a garden".
unwelcome not welcome; not giving pleasure or received with pleasure; "unwelcome publicity"; "unwelcome interruptions"; "unwelcome visitors".
uninvited unwelcome and unwanted; "uninvited guests"; "uninvited thoughts".
symptomless asymptomatic having no symptoms of illness or disease.
sick ill affected by an impairment of normal physical or mental function; "ill from the monotony of his suffering".
stricken afflicted grievously affected especially by disease.
aguish affected by ague.
unwell under_the_weather sickly seedy poorly peaked indisposed ailing somewhat ill or prone to illness; "my poor ailing grandmother"; "feeling a bit indisposed today"; "you look a little peaked"; "feeling poorly"; "a sickly child"; "is unwell and can't come to work".
seasick carsick airsick air_sick experiencing motion sickness.
autistic characteristic of or affected with autism; "autistic behavior"; "autistic children".
sick-abed bedridden bedrid bedfast confined to bed (by illness).
livery liverish bilious suffering from or suggesting a liver disorder or gastric distress.
bronchitic suffering from or prone to bronchitis.
consumptive afflicted with or associated with pulmonary tuberculosis; "a consumptive patient"; "a consumptive cough".
hallucinating delirious experiencing delirium.
diabetic suffering from diabetes.
woozy vertiginous giddy dizzy having or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling; "had a dizzy spell"; "a dizzy pinnacle"; "had a headache and felt giddy"; "a giddy precipice"; "feeling woozy from the blow on his head"; "a vertiginous climb up the face of the cliff".
dyspeptic suffering from dyspepsia.
feverous feverish having or affected by a fever.
funny experiencing odd bodily sensations; "told the doctor about the funny sensations in her chest".
gouty suffering from gout.
green looking pale and unhealthy; "you're looking green"; "green around the gills".
laid_up ill and usually confined; "laid up with a bad cold".
sickish sick queasy nauseous nauseated feeling nausea; feeling about to vomit.
palsied affected with palsy or uncontrollable tremor; "palsied hands".
paralyzed paralytic affected with paralysis.
paraplegic suffering complete paralysis of the lower half of the body usually resulting from damage to the spinal cord.
rickety rachitic affected with, suffering from, or characteristic of rickets; "rickety limbs and joints"; "a rachitic patient".
scrofulous afflicted with scrofula.
spastic suffering from spastic paralysis; "a spastic child".
tuberculous tubercular constituting or afflicted with or caused by tuberculosis or the tubercle bacillus; "a tubercular child"; "tuberculous patients"; "tubercular meningitis".
unhealed not healed; "an unhealed wound".
upset mildly physically distressed; "an upset stomach".
dank clammy unpleasantly cool and humid; "a clammy handshake"; "clammy weather"; "a dank cellar"; "dank rain forests".
sloppy wet or smeared with a spilled liquid or moist material; "a sloppy floor"; "a sloppy saucer".
showery rainy (of weather) wet by periods of rain; "showery weather"; "rainy days".
tacky (of a glutinous liquid such as paint) not completely dried and slightly sticky to the touch; "tacky varnish".
washed wet as from washing; sometimes used in combination; "rain-washed".
dry free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet; "dry land"; "dry clothes"; "a dry climate"; "dry splintery boards"; "a dry river bed"; "the paint is dry".
sunbaked scorched parched baked adust dried out by heat or excessive exposure to sunlight; "a vast desert all adust"; "land lying baked in the heat"; "parched soil"; "the earth was scorched and bare"; "sunbaked salt flats".
air-dried made dry by contact with unheated air.
air-dry not giving off moisture on exposure to the air.
waterless arid lacking sufficient water or rainfall; "an arid climate"; "a waterless well"; "miles of waterless country to cross".
bone_dry bone-dry without a trace of moisture; as dry as a weathered bone; "bone-dry leaves are a fire hazard"; "a drier to get the clothes bone dry".
dried not still wet; "the ink has dried"; "a face marked with dried tears".
rainless lacking rain; "a rainless month"; "rainless skies".
semi-dry somewhat dry; "swabbing left the deck semi-dry but still slippery".
wet lactating producing or secreting milk; "a wet nurse"; "a wet cow"; "lactating cows".
dry not producing milk; "a dry cow".
dry lacking moisture or volatile components; "dry paint".
wheeled having wheels; often used in combination.
wheelless having no wheels or having no wheeled vehicles; "dragging a wheelless stoneboat filled with rocks"; "wheelless societies".
manual doing or requiring physical work; "manual labor"; "manual laborer".
unwholesome detrimental to physical or moral well-being; "unwholesome food"; "unwholesome habits like smoking".
unhealthy unhealthful insalubrious detrimental to health.
jejune insubstantial lacking in nutritive value; "the jejune diets of the very poor".
morbid suggesting an unhealthy mental state; "morbid interest in death"; "morbid curiosity".
vile sickening queasy offensive noisome nauseous nauseating loathsome causing or able to cause nausea; "a nauseating smell"; "nauseous offal"; "a sickening stench".
narrowed reduced in size as by squeezing together; "his narrowed eyes".
narrow very limited in degree; "won by a narrow margin"; "a narrow escape".
marginal bare just barely adequate or within a lower limit; "a bare majority"; "a marginal victory".
wieldy easy to handle or use or manage; "a large but wieldy book".
ungainly clumsy bunglesome awkward difficult to handle or manage especially because of shape; "an awkward bundle to carry"; "a load of bunglesome paraphernalia"; "clumsy wooden shoes"; "the cello, a rather ungainly instrument for a girl".
cumbrous cumbersome difficult to handle or use especially because of size or weight; "a cumbersome piece of machinery"; "cumbrous protective clothing".
wigged wearing a wig; "the judges all wigged and robed".
wigless not wearing a wig.
willing_and_able not reluctant.
unwilling not disposed or inclined toward; "an unwilling assistant"; "unwilling to face facts".
reluctant loth loath unwillingness to do something contrary to your custom; "a reluctant smile"; "loath to admit a mistake".
unwilled unintentional without deliberate intent; "my heart with unwilled love grew warm"- George Macdonald.
wing-shaped aliform alary alar having or resembling wings.
apterous apteral (of insects) without wings.
flightless incapable of flying.
zany whacky wacky silly sappy goofy cockamamy cockamamie ludicrous, foolish; "gave me a cockamamie reason for not going"; "wore a goofy hat"; "a silly idea"; "some wacky plan for selling more books".
fond absurd or silly because unlikely; "fond hopes of becoming President"; "fond fancies".
misguided ill-conceived poorly conceived or thought out; "an ill-conceived plan to take over the company".
scatty scatterbrained rattlepated rattlebrained lacking sense or discretion; "his rattlebrained crackpot ideas"; "how rattlepated I am! I've forgotten what I came for"- Glenway Westcott.
wooded covered with growing trees and bushes etc; "wooded land"; "a heavily wooded tract".
brushy bosky covered with or consisting of bushes or thickets; "brushy undergrowth"; "`bosky' is a literary term"; "a bosky park leading to a modest yet majestic plaza"- Jack Beatty.
brambly braky covered with brambles and ferns and other undergrowth.
forested covered with forest; "efforts to protect forested lands of the northwest".
overgrown abounding in usually unwanted vegetation.
rushy abounding in rushes; "a rushy marsh".
scrubby scrabbly sparsely covered with stunted trees or vegetation and underbrush; "open scrubby woods".
thicket-forming tending to form dense thickets.
timbered covered with growing timber; "thickly timbered ridges clothed with loblolly pine and holly"; "hills timbered up to their summits".
unwooded treeless not wooded.
unforested not covered with forest; "unforested lands".
nonwoody not woody; not consisting of or resembling wood.
herbaceous characteristic of a nonwoody herb or plant part.
squashy pulpy like a pulp or overripe; not having stiffness.
unworldly not concerned with the temporal world or swayed by mundane considerations; "was unworldly and did not greatly miss worldly rewards"- Sheldon Cheney.
braided woven by (or as if by) braiding; "braided cordage".
unwoven not woven; "tapa cloth is an unwoven fabric made by pounding bark into a thin sheet".
worn affected by wear; damaged by long use; "worn threads on the screw"; "a worn suit"; "the worn pockets on the jacket".
attrited worn by rubbing or friction.
battered damaged especially by hard usage; "his battered old hat".
clapped_out worn from age or heavy use and no longer able to operate (of cars or machines or people).
woebegone run-down flea-bitten derelict decrepit creaky worn and broken down by hard use; "a creaky shack"; "a decrepit bus...its seats held together with friction tape"; "a flea-bitten sofa"; "a run-down neighborhood"; "a woebegone old shack".
eared dog-eared worn or shabby from overuse or (of pages) from having corners turned down; "a somewhat dog-eared duke...a bit run down"-Clifton Fadiman; "an old book with dog-eared pages".
frayed worn away or tattered along the edges; "frayed cuffs".
mangy mangey having many worn or threadbare spots in the nap; "a mangy carpet"; "a mangy old fur coat".
mothy moth-eaten worn or eaten away by (or as if by) moths; "moth-eaten blankets".
ragged being or dressed in clothes that are worn or torn; "clothes as ragged as a scarecrow's"; "a ragged tramp".
worn-out raddled used until no longer useful; "battered trumpets and raddled radios"; "worn-out shoes with flapping soles".
seedy scruffy shabby and untidy; "a surge of ragged scruffy children"; "he was soiled and seedy and fragrant with gin"- Mark Twain.
tattered tatterdemalion worn to shreds; or wearing torn or ragged clothing; "a man in a tattered shirt"; "the tattered flag"; "tied up in tattered brown paper"; "a tattered barefoot boy"; "a tatterdemalion prince".
thumbed (of pages) worn or soiled by thumb and fingers by frequent handling or turning; "well-thumbed pages of the dictionary".
wormy worm-eaten vermiculate infested with or damaged (as if eaten) by worms.
weatherworn weathered weather-beaten worn by exposure to the weather; "a house of weathered shingles".
unweathered not worn by exposure to the weather; "chemical weathering was beginning to attack the unweathered bedrock".
unworthy undeserving not deserving; "the undeserving poor".
xeric being deficient in moisture; "deserts provide xeric environments".
hydric having or characterized by excessive moisture; "a hydric habitat".
hygrophytic requiring an abundance of moisture; "some tropical ferns are hygrophytic".
mesic having or characterized by moderate or a well-balanced supply of moisture; "mesic habitats".
mesophytic being or growing in or adapted to a moderately moist environment; "mesophytic habitats"; "mesophytic plants".
azonal not divided into zones; "azonal heating".
azonic not restricted to any particular zone or region.
unwebbed (of the feet of some animals) not webbed; "a primitive frog with unwebbed toes".
rh-negative of persons (or their blood) lacking the Rh factor present in their red blood cells.
syncategorematic of a term that cannot stand as the subject or (especially) the predicate of a proposition but must be used in conjunction with other terms; "`or' is a syncategorematic term".
pro-life advocating full legal protection of embryos and fetuses (especially opposing the legalization of induced abortions).
unbaptized unbaptised not having undergone the Christian ritual of baptism.
benign not dangerous to health; not recurrent or progressive (especially of a tumor).
non-invertible not admitting an additive or multiplicative inverse.
immunocompetent capable of developing an immune response following exposure to an antigen; "immunocompetent cells".
immunodeficient incapable of developing an immune response following exposure to an antigen; "immunodeficient rodents".
shelled of animals or fruits that have a shell.
hard-shelled of animals or plants that have a hard shell.
unshelled shell-less of animals or fruits that have no shell.
abatic abasic of or relating to abasia (inability to walk).
achlorhydric lacking hydrochloric acid.
acneiform resembling acne.
actinomycotic of or related to actinomycosis infection.
adactylous without fingers and/or toes.
antidotal counteracting the effects of a poison.
agonal pertaining to or associated with agony (especially death agonies).
agranulocytic relating to the blood disorder of agranulocytosis.
albinotic albinistic albinic albinal of or pertaining to or affected by albinism.
algolagnic of or relating to algolagnia.
allergic characterized by or caused by allergy; "an allergic reaction".
amalgamative characterized by or tending toward amalgamation.
amaurotic pertaining to blindness caused by amaurosis.
amoeboid ameboid like an amoeba (especially in having a variable irregular shape).
anagogical anagogic based on or exemplifying anagoge.
anarchistic of or related to anarchism or tending toward anarchism.
anasarcous characterized by or affected by dropsy.
anencephalous anencephalic characterized by partial or total absence of a brain.
anginous anginose anginal of or related to the pain of angina pectoris.
anoxemic relating to or marked by abnormally little oxygen in arterial blood.
anoxic relating to or marked by a severe deficiency of oxygen in tissues or organs.
antitumour antitumor antineoplastic anticancer used in the treatment of cancer; "anticancer drug"; "an antineoplastic effect".
anuric anuretic of or relating to an inability to urinate.
aphakic of or relating to or afflicted with aphakia.
aphasic related to or affected by aphasia; "aphasic speech".
apocalyptic of or relating to an apocalypse.
apoplectoid apoplectiform resembling apoplexy.
archaistic imitative of an archaic style or manner; "archaistic writing".
archducal belonging to or befitting an archduke or his archduchy.
ascensional tending to rise.
astomatal lacking a stoma or stomata.
asynergic of or relating to the state of asynergy; lacking synergy.
ataxic atactic lacking motor coordination; marked or caused by ataxia.
atonic characterized by a lack of tonus.
heterotrophic requiring organic compounds of carbon and nitrogen for nourishment; "most animals are heterotrophic".
berrylike baccate resembling a berry.
bacteriolytic of or relating to or causing bacteriolysis.
bacteriostatic of or relating to or causing bacteriostasis.
basidiosporous of or relating to or characterized by spores produced by basidia.
bauxitic resembling or containing bauxite.
benedictory benedictive expressing benediction.
bibliomaniacal characteristic of or characterized by or noted for bibliomania.
bichromated treated or combined with bichromate.
borated mixed or impregnated with borax.
brachyurous of or belonging to the suborder Brachyura.
bracteal pertaining to or resembling or functioning as a bract.
bracted bracteate having bracts.
brimless without a brim; "a brimless hat".
brobdingnagian huge; relating to or characteristic of the imaginary country of Brobdingnag.
bulimic suffering from bulimia.
butyric relating to or producing butyric acid.
cacodemonic cacodaemonic of or relating to evil spirits.
carbolated containing or treated with carbolic acid.
carcinogenic causing or tending to cause cancer; "the carcinogenic action of certain chemicals".
chaffy chafflike abounding in or covered with or resembling or consisting of chaff.
chalybeate containing or impregnated with or tasting of iron.
chelate having or resembling chelae or claws.
chirpy (birds or insects) characterized by or tending to chirp.
coin-operated of devices that do not operate without the prior insertion of one or more coins; "a coin-operated telephone".
collarless without a collar.
collegial characterized by or having authority vested equally among colleagues; "collegial harmony"; "a tendency to turn from collegial to one-man management"- Merle Fainsod.
cordless not having a cord; "cordless telephone".
crustaceous being or having or resembling a hard crust or shell.
cryogenic of or relating to very low temperatures.
ctenoid comb-like resembling a comb; having projections like the teeth of a comb.
custard-like resembling custard in consistency.
dickensian of or like the novels of Charles Dickens (especially with regard to poor social and economic conditions).
dimorphous dimorphic occurring or existing in two different forms; "dimorphic crystals"; "dimorphous organisms".
omnidirectional not directional; "omnidirectional antenna".
directional relating to direction toward a (nonspatial) goal; "he tried to explain the directional trends of modern science".
dysgenic cacogenic pertaining to or causing degeneration in the offspring produced.
eugenic pertaining to or causing improvement in the offspring produced.
elegiac resembling or characteristic of or appropriate to an elegy; "an elegiac poem on a friend's death".
elemental relating to severe atmospheric conditions; "a race against hail or cold rains or some other elemental catastrophe"- J.K.Howard.
emulous characterized by or arising from emulation or imitation.
epilithic growing on stone; "epilithic mosses".
eruptive producing or characterized by eruptions; "an eruptive disease".
existential of or as conceived by existentialism; "an existential moment of choice".
feverish febrile of or relating to or characterized by fever; "a febrile reaction caused by an allergen".
fibrillose covered with fibrils more or less evenly disposed.
nonfictional not fictional.
foliated foliate ornamented with foliage or foils; "foliate tracery"; "a foliated capital".
formalized formalistic formalised concerned with or characterized by rigorous adherence to recognized forms (especially in religion or art); "highly formalized plays like `Waiting for Godot'".
fourhanded (of card games) involving or requiring four players.
frictionless lacking all friction; "a perpetual motion machine would have to be frictionless".
garlicky relating to or tasting or smelling of garlic; "garlicky sauce".
granuliferous producing or full of granules.
grubby infested with grubs.
hair-shirted hair-shirt self-sacrificing or austere.
nonharmonic not harmonic; "a nonharmonic note".
heathlike resembling heath.
homeostatic related to or characterized by homeostasis.
immunocompromised unable to develop a normal immune response usually because of malnutrition or immunodeficiency or immunosuppressive therapy.
imperial befitting or belonging to an emperor or empress; "imperial palace".
imperial of or belonging to the British Imperial System of weights and measures.
nonpolar nonionic not ionic; "a nonionic substance".
sudsy lathery resembling lather or covered with lather.
living pertaining to living persons; "within living memory".
loopy consisting of or covered with or having loops.
lung-like performing functions similar to those performed by lungs.
postdiluvian existing or occurring after Noah's flood.
myotic miotic of or relating to or causing constriction of the pupil of the eye; "a miotic drug".
mousy mousey infested with mice.
myelinated medullated (of neurons) covered with a layer of myelin.
unmyelinated (of neurons) not myelinated.
narcoleptic of or relating to narcolepsy.
orb-weaving of spiders who weave circular webs.
paranasal adjacent to the nasal cavities; "paranasal sinus".
nonpasserine relating to or characteristic of birds that are not perching birds.
peacekeeping of or relating to the preservation of peace between hostile groups by international military forces; "a peacekeeping force".
nonphotosynthetic not photosynthetic.
pictographic consisting of or characterized by the use of pictographs; "a pictographic script"; "pictographic stage in the development of writing".
pompous ceremonious characterized by pomp and ceremony and stately display.
presymptomatic preclinical of or relating to the early phases of a disease when accurate diagnosis is not possible because symptoms of the disease have not yet appeared.
precancerous of or relating to a growth that is not malignant but is likely to become so if not treated.
pressor increasing (or tending to increase) blood pressure; "pressor reflexes".
prodromic prodromal symptomatic of the onset of an attack or a disease.
putrid of or relating to or attended by putrefaction; "putrid decomposition".
rabid of or infected by rabies.
ratty of or characteristic of rats.
nonruminant not ruminant.
ruritanian of or pertaining to or characteristic of Ruritania (or any other imaginary country).
scalene of a triangle having three sides of different lengths.
scurfy having or producing or covered with scurf.
solomonic exhibiting or requiring the wisdom of Solomon in making difficult decisions.
squint-eyed affected by strabismus.
squinty characterized by squinting; "he looked with squinty eyes".
spermicidal destructive to spermatozoa.
nonspherical not spherical.
splenic splenetic lienal of or relating to the spleen.
nonsteroidal not steroidal or not having the effects of steroid hormones.
subdural below the dura mater but above the arachnoid membrane of the meninges.
sublingual beneath the tongue.
nonsuppurative not suppurative.
synesthetic synaesthetic relating to or experiencing synesthesia; involving more than one sense; "synesthetic response to music"; "synesthetic metaphor".
semiterrestrial chiefly but not exclusively terrestrial.
tensile of or relating to tension; "tensile stress"; "tensile pull".
unthematic not relating to a melodic subject; "there is nothing unthematic in this composition".
nonthermal not involving heat; "nonthermal luminescence".
thermoelectrical thermoelectric involving or resulting from thermoelectricity.
time-release of or relating to a preparation that gradually releases an active substance (especially a drug) over a period of time.
toll-free having no toll levied for its use; "a toll-free road"; "a toll-free telephone number".
tonic of or relating to or producing normal tone or tonus in muscles or tissue; "a tonic reflex"; "tonic muscle contraction".
tubercular relating to tuberculosis or those suffering from it; "a tubercular hospital".
tubercular pertaining to or of the nature of a normal tuberosity or tubercle; "a tubercular process for the attachment of a ligament or muscle".
tuberculate covered with tubercles.
tuberculoid resembling tuberculosis; "tuberculoid lesions"; "tuberculoid leprosy".
vanilla flavored with vanilla extract; "he liked vanilla ice cream".
viatical pertaining to the purchase of insurance policies from terminally ill policy holders; "viatical business"; "viatical companies"; "National Viatical Association".
atheistical atheistic atheist related to or characterized by or given to atheism; "atheist leanings".
lymphoid resembling lymph or lymphatic tissues.
funguslike fungoid resembling fungi.
parasitical parasitic relating to or caused by parasites; "parasitic infection".
birefringent relating to or characterized by double refraction.
bipolar of or relating to manic depressive illness.
nonspatial not spatial; "a nonspatial continuum".
sciatic relating to or caused by or afflicted with sciatica.
nonlinguistic not consisting of or related to language; "depended on his nonlinguistic skills".
counterinsurgent of or relating or characteristic of actions taken by a government to defeat insurgency.
counterrevolutionary relating to or being a counterrevolution.
nonfinancial not involving financial matters.
sanious ichorous of or resembling or characterized by ichor or sanies; "an ichorous discharge"; "the sanious discharge from an ulcer".
icterogenic producing jaundice.
phonic phonetic of or relating to speech sounds; "phonetic transcription".
intensive tending to give force or emphasis; "an intensive adverb".
eudemonic eudaemonic producing happiness and well-being.
prokaryotic procaryotic having cells that lack membrane-bound nuclei.
millenarian chiliastic relating to or believing in the millennium of peace and happiness.
meteorological meteorologic meteoric of or pertaining to atmospheric phenomena, especially weather and weather conditions; "meteorological factors"; "meteorological chart"; "meteoric (or meteorological) phenomena".
cross-cultural dealing with or comparing two or more cultures; "a cross-cultural survey".
communistic communist relating to or marked by communism; "Communist Party"; "communist governments"; "communistic propaganda".
post-communist no longer communist; subsequent to being communistic; "the bank announced its first loan to a post-communist country".
endermic endermatic acting by absorption through the skin; "endermic ointment".
hypoglycemic hypoglycaemic of or relating to hypoglycemia; "hypoglycemic agents".
nephritic affected by nephritis.
neurotoxic poisonous to nerves or nerve cells.
neurotropic (of a virus, toxin, or chemical) tending to attack or affect the nervous system preferentially.
nonlexical not relating to words; "nonlexical morphemes".
nonsurgical not surgical; "nonsurgical techniques".
masted having or furnished with a mast; often used in combination; "probably was so masted when she set forth"- S.E.Morrison; "a three-masted bark".
achondroplastic of or relating to achondroplasia.
intermolecular existing or acting between molecules; "intermolecular forces"; "intermolecular condensation".
macerative accompanied by or characterized by maceration; "macerative degeneration of the liver".
mucous mucose of or secreting or covered with or resembling mucus; "mucous tissue"; "mucous glands of the intestine".
earthy of or consisting of or resembling earth; "it had an earthy smell"; "only a little earthy bank separates me from the edge of the ocean".
psychogenic psychogenetic of or relating to the psychological cause of a disorder.
ecological ecologic characterized by the interdependence of living organisms in an environment; "an ecological disaster".
nonparametric not involving an estimation of the parameters of a statistic.
ahistorical unconcerned with or unrelated to history or to historical development or to tradition.
evaporative relating to or causing or being caused by evaporation; "an evaporative cooler".
shintoistic shintoist shinto relating to or characteristic of Shintoism; "Shinto temples".
arteriosclerotic affected by arteriosclerosis.
epitheliod resembling epithelium; "epithelial tissue".
pneumonic pertaining to or characterized by or affected by pneumonia; "pneumonic plague".
indexless lacking an index.
anapestic anapaestic (of a metric foot) characterized by two short syllables followed by a long one.
rotatory revolutionary of or relating to or characteristic or causing an axial or orbital turn.
environmental concerned with the ecological effects of altering the environment; "environmental pollution".
traumatic of or relating to a physical injury or wound to the body.
epileptic of or relating to or characteristic of epilepsy; "epileptic seizure".
trapezoidal resembling a trapezoid.
occlusive tending to occlude.
sedimentary resembling or containing or formed by the accumulation of sediment; "sedimentary deposits".
universalistic universalist of or relating to or tending toward universalism.
fundamentalistic fundamentalist of or relating to or tending toward fundamentalism.
tragic of or relating to or characteristic of tragedy; "tragic hero".
agonadal lacking gonads.
neurotic characteristic of or affected by neurosis; "neurotic disorder"; "neurotic symptoms".
thyroid suggestive of a thyroid disorder; "thyroid personality".
antithyroid having the effect of counteracting excessive thyroid activity; "antithyroid drugs".
organicistic relating to or tending toward organicism.
mutant tending to undergo or resulting from mutation; "a mutant gene".
incident falling or striking of light rays on something; "incident light".
conspecific belonging to the same species; "cultivated cabbage and wild cabbage are conspecific".
marly of or relating to or resembling or abounding in marl.
metrical metric based on the meter as a standard of measurement; "the metric system"; "metrical equivalents".
non-metric not based on the meter as a standard of measurement.
appetitive of or relating to appetite; "appetitive needs".
aversive tending to repel or dissuade; "aversive conditioning".
zymotic zymolytic of or relating to or causing fermentation.
canonical canonic appearing in a biblical canon; "a canonical book of the Christian New Testament".
motional of or relating to or characterized by motion.
waxy waxen made of or covered with wax; "waxen candles"; "careful, the floor is waxy".
nonenzymatic not relating to or produced by enzymes; "nonenzymatic systems".
iodized iodised iodinated treated with iodine; "iodized salt".
aneuploid having a chromosome number that is not an exact multiple of the haploid number.
congestive relating to or affected by an abnormal collection of blood or other fluid; "congestive heart disease".
hemolytic haemolytic relating to or involving or causing hemolysis; "hemolytic anemia".
sternutatory tending to cause sneezing.
celiac belonging to or prescribed for celiac disease; "a celiac diet".
calcific involving or resulting from calcification.
fibrocalcific involving or resulting from calcification of fibrous tissue.
papillate resembling or covered with papillae.
myoid resembling muscle.
microbic microbial of or involving or caused by or being microbes; "microbial warfare".
epical epic constituting or having to do with or suggestive of a literary epic; "epic tradition".
dystopian of or pertaining to or resembling a dystopia.
katharobic of living being in an oxygenated environment lacking organic matter.
tomentose covered with densely matted filaments.
amoebous amoebic amoeban amebous amebic ameban pertaining to or resembling amoebae; "amoebic dysentery".
anemic anaemic relating to anemia or suffering from anemia.
aneroid containing no liquid or actuated without the use of liquid; "aneroid barometer".
antisemitic anti-semitic relating to or characterized by anti-Semitism; hating Jews.
anecdotal having the character of an anecdote; "anecdotal evidence".
asphyxiated in a state of asphyxia.
bladed having a blade or blades; often used in combination; "a single-bladed leaf"; "narrow-bladed grass".
casuistical casuistic of or relating to or practicing casuistry; "overly subtle casuistic reasoning".
cataleptic of or having characteristics of or affected with catalepsy; "cataleptic persons"; "cataleptic state".
catalytic relating to or causing or involving catalysis; "catalytic reactions".
cretaceous abounding in chalk.
diabetic of or relating to or causing diabetes.
ductless not having a duct; "ductless glands".
fecal faecal of or relating to feces; "fecal matter".
malarial of or infected by or resembling malaria; "malarial fever".
mentholated containing, or impregnated with, menthol; "mentholated cough syrup".
mongoloid of or relating to or suffering from Down syndrome;.
eolithic of or relating to the earliest period of the Stone Age (characterized by the use of eoliths).
neuralgic of or relating to or suffering from neuralgia; "neuralgic pains".
neurasthenic of or relating to or suffering from neurasthenia; "neurasthenic tendencies".
nontranslational of or relating to movement that is not uniform or not without rotation.
optative indicating an option or wish.
paralytical paralytic relating to or of the nature of paralysis; "paralytic symptoms".
polynomial multinomial having the character of a polynomial; "a polynomial expression".
purgatorial of or resembling purgatory; "purgatorial fires".
pyogenic producing pus.
pyrectic having or causing fever.
pyrogenous pyrogenic pyrogenetic produced by or producing fever.
pyrolytic resulting from pyrolysis.
rayless having no parts resembling rays; not having ray flowers.
retentive having the capacity to retain something.
spastic relating to or characterized by spasm; "a spastic colon"; "spastic paralysis is a spastic form of cerebral palsy".
tannic derived from tannin.
tetanic of or relating to or causing tetanus.
tetanic of or relating to or causing tetany.
ammoniated combined or treated with ammonia; "ammoniated mercury".
shallow-draught shallow-draft of vessels whose keel is not far below the waterline; "a shallow-draft river boat".
shambolic (British slang) disorderly or chaotic; "it's a shambolic system".
acentric lacking a centromere; "an acentric chromosome fragment".
bulbaceous producing or growing from bulbs.
virucidal viricidal tending to destroy viruses.
ratlike resembling or characteristic of a rat.
varicelliform resembling the rash of chickenpox.
yeasty yeastlike of or resembling or containing yeast.
unavenged for which vengeance has not been taken; "an unavenged murder".
ungathered uncollected not brought together in one place; "uncollected garbage in the streets".
uncontested not disputed and not made the object of contention or competition; "uncontested authority".
unfilled of purchase orders that have not been filled.
fitted being the right size and shape to fit as desired; "a fitted overcoat"; "he quickly assembled the fitted pieces".
marched_upon being or having been trodden or marched on.
unpasteurized unpasteurised not having undergone pasteurization.
unposed not arranged for pictorial purposes; "unposed photographs".
preconceived (of an idea or opinion) formed beforehand; especially without evidence or through prejudice; "certain preconceived notions".
punishing resulting in punishment; "the king imposed a punishing tax".
pursued followed with enmity as if to harm; "running and leaping like a herd of pursued antelopes".
shrieked uttered in a shrill scream as of pain or terror.
sluicing pouring from or as if from a sluice; "the sluicing rain".
squashed that has been violently compressed; "the squashed looking nakedness of the fledgling birds".
unsaponified not converted into soap; "unsaponified fat".
dwarf a plant or animal that is atypically small.
fauna creature brute beast animate_being animal a living organism characterized by voluntary movement.
plant_life plant flora (botany) a living organism lacking the power of locomotion.
quantity measure amount how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify.
alienation the action of alienating; the action of causing to become unfriendly; "his behavior alienated the other students".
blind_alley (figurative) a course of action that is unproductive and offers no hope of improvement; "all the clues led the police into blind alleys"; "so far every road that we've been down has turned out to be a blind alley".
brush contact with something dangerous or undesirable; "I had a brush with danger on my way to work"; "he tried to avoid any brushes with the police".
reciprocity mutual exchange of commercial or other privileges.
boondoggle work of little or no value done merely to look busy.
causing causation the act of causing something to happen.
stunt a difficult or unusual or dangerous feat; usually done to gain attention.
intrusion entrance by force or without permission or welcome.
forced_landing emergency_landing an unscheduled airplane landing that is made under circumstances (engine failure or adverse weather) not under the pilot's control.
unauthorized_absence absence_without_leave unauthorized military absence.
in-migration immigration migration into a place (especially migration to a country of which you are not a native in order to settle there).
male_orgasm an orgasm accompanied by the sensation of ejaculation of semen.
winning succeeding with great difficulty; "winning is not everything".
sleeper an unexpected hit; "that movie was the sleeper of the summer".
conquest success in mastering something difficult; "the conquest of space".
default loss due to not showing up; "he lost the game by default".
upset overturn an improbable and unexpected victory; "the biggest upset since David beat Goliath".
copout a failure to face some difficulty squarely.
partial_breach a breach that does not destroy the value of the contract but can give rise to a claim for damages.
mistake fault error a wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or inattention; "he made a bad mistake"; "she was quick to point out my errors"; "I could understand his English in spite of his grammatical faults".
incursion the mistake of incurring liability or blame.
misreckoning misestimation miscalculation a mistake in calculating.
oversight lapse a mistake resulting from inattention.
skip omission a mistake resulting from neglect.
pratfall fuckup foul-up flub bungle botch boo-boo boner blunder blooper bloomer an embarrassing mistake.
mess-up cockup ballup balls-up something badly botched or muddled.
muff fumble (sports) dropping the ball.
howler a glaring blunder.
trip-up trip stumble misstep an unintentional but embarrassing blunder; "he recited the whole poem without a single trip"; "he arranged his robes to avoid a trip-up later"; "confusion caused his unfortunate misstep".
tumble spill fall a sudden drop from an upright position; "he had a nasty spill on the ice".
pratfall a fall onto your buttocks.
contracting catching becoming infected; "catching cold is sometimes unavoidable"; "the contracting of a serious illness can be financially catastrophic".
incurring acquiring or coming into something (usually undesirable); "incurring debts is easier than paying them".
insider_trading buying or selling corporate stock by a corporate officer or other insider on the basis of information that has not been made public and is supposed to remain confidential.
viaticus viatication purchasing insurance policies for cash from terminally ill policy holders.
misappropriation wrongful borrowing; "his explanation was a misappropriation of sociological theory".
abandonment the voluntary surrender of property (or a right to property) without attempting to reclaim it or give it away.
throwing_away discard getting rid something that is regarded as useless or undesirable.
mine_disposal the disposal of explosive mines.
overcapitalization overcapitalisation (business) too much capitalization (the sale of more stock than the business warrants).
salvation redemption (theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
reparation amends something done or paid in expiation of a wrong; "how can I make amends".
reformation reclamation rescuing from error and returning to a rightful course; "the reclamation of delinquent children".
salvation saving someone or something from harm or from an unpleasant situation; "the salvation of his party was the president's major concern".
improvisation extemporization extemporisation a performance given extempore without planning or preparation.
heaving heave throwing something heavy (with great effort); "he gave it a mighty heave"; "he was not good at heaving passes".
wild_pitch an errant pitch that the catcher cannot be expected to catch and that allows a base runner to advance a base.
slam_dunk a forceful dunk.
depression0 pushing down; "depression of the space bar on the typewriter".
nudge jog a slight push or shake.
jostling jostle the act of jostling (forcing your way by pushing).
elbowing jostling with the elbows; "elbowing is a foul in basketball".
tug jerk a sudden abrupt pull.
flush blush sudden reddening of the face (as from embarrassment or guilt or shame or modesty).
hyperemesis severe and excessive vomiting.
hyperemesis_gravidarum hyperemesis during pregnancy; if severe it can result in damage to the brain and liver and kidney.
sending the act of causing something to go (especially messages).
potshot a shot taken at an easy or casual target (as by a pothunter).
contusion the action of bruising; "the bruise resulted from a contusion".
worst the weakest effort or poorest achievement one is capable of; "it was the worst he had ever done on a test".
blast a very long fly ball.
pop_fly pop-up pop-fly a short high fly ball.
putout an out resulting from a fielding play (not a strikeout); "the first baseman made 15 putouts".
strikeout an out resulting from the batter getting three strikes.
whiff a strikeout resulting from the batter swinging at and missing the ball for the third strike.
screamer scorcher a very hard hit ball.
thwack a hard blow with a flat object.
tko technical_knockout a knockout declared by the referee who judges one boxer unable to continue.
swat a sharp blow.
sunday_punch ko_punch knockout_punch haymaker a hard punch that renders the opponent unable to continue boxing.
comparison comparing the act of examining resemblances; "they made a comparison of noise levels"; "the fractions selected for comparison must require pupils to consider both numerator and denominator".
demonetization demonetisation ending something (e.g. gold or silver) as no longer the legal tender of a country.
instigation fomentation deliberate and intentional triggering (of trouble or discord).
influence causing something without any direct or apparent effort.
underexposure inadequate publicity.
downshift a change to a lower gear in a car or bicycle.
roll4 a flight maneuver; aircraft rotates about its longitudinal axis without changing direction or losing altitude.
twist gimmick device any clever maneuver; "he would stoop to any device to win a point"; "it was a great sales gimmick"; "a cheap promotions gimmick for greedy businessmen".
trick fast_one a cunning or deceitful action or device; "he played a trick on me"; "he pulled a fast one and got away with it".
feint any distracting or deceptive maneuver (as a mock attack).
expedient a means to an end; not necessarily a principled or ethical one.
temporary_expedient improvisation an unplanned expedient.
pis_aller last_resort an expedient adopted only in desperation; "`pis aller' is French for `worst going'".
salvation a means of preserving from harm or unpleasantness; "tourism was their economic salvation"; "they turned to individualism as their salvation".
runoff a final election to resolve an earlier election that did not produce a winner.
multiple_voting the act of voting in more than one place by the same person at the same election (illegal in U.S.).
earned_run a run that was not scored as the result of an error by the other team.
unearned_run a run that was scored as a result of an error by the other team.
variation variance an activity that varies from a norm or standard; "any variation in his routine was immediately reported".
switcheroo a sudden unexpected switch.
resistance opposition the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with; "he encountered a general feeling of resistance from many citizens"; "despite opposition from the newspapers he went ahead".
brush-off a curt or disdainful rejection.
near_thing something that barely avoids failure or disaster.
exposure0 abandoning without shelter or protection (as by leaving as infant out in the open).
deportation the expulsion from a country of an undesirable alien.
relegation mild banishment; consignment to an inferior position; "he has been relegated to a post in Siberia".
rustication banishment into the country.
rustication temporary dismissal of a student from a university.
veto a vote that blocks a decision.
use_immunity testimonial_immunity an exemption that displaces the privilege against self-incrimination; neither compelled testimony or any fruits of it can be used against the witness who therefore can no longer fear self-incrimination.
wrecking ruining ruination ruin laying_waste destruction achieved by causing something to be wrecked or ruined.
obliteration annihilation destruction by annihilating something.
slaying murder execution unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by a human being.
gore bloodshed the shedding of blood resulting in murder; "he avenged the bloodshed of his kinsmen".
self-destruction the act of destroying yourself; "his insistence was pure self-destruction".
slaughter massacre mass_murder carnage butchery the savage and excessive killing of many people.
bloodshed bloodletting bloodbath battue indiscriminate slaughter; "a bloodbath took place when the leaders of the plot surrendered"; "ten days after the bloodletting Hitler gave the action its name"; "the valley is no stranger to bloodshed and murder"; "a huge prison battue was ordered".
lynching putting a person to death by mob action without due process of law.
bronchospasm a spasm of the bronchi that makes exhalation difficult and noisy; associated with asthma and bronchitis.
cardiospasm a spasm of the cardiac sphincter (between the esophagus and the stomach); if the cardiac sphincter does not relax during swallowing the passage of food into the stomach is obstructed.
retch heave an involuntary spasm of ineffectual vomiting; "a bad case of the heaves".
viaticus_settlement viatical_settlement sale of an insurance policy by a terminally ill policy holder.
quenching extinguishing extinction the act of extinguishing; causing to stop burning; "the extinction of the lights".
partial_abortion incomplete_abortion termination of pregnancy without expulsion of all of the products of conception.
vitiation nullification by the destruction of the legal force; rendering null; "the vitiation of the contract".
section_eight a discharge from the US Army based on unfitness or character traits deemed undesirable.
shirring baking shelled eggs.
poaching cooking in simmering liquid.
pasteurization pasteurisation partial sterilization of foods at a temperature that destroys harmful microorganisms without major changes in the chemistry of the food.
mikvah (Hebrew) a ritual purification and cleansing bath that Orthodox Jews take on certain occasions (as before Sabbath or after menstruation).
mud_bath a bath in warm mud (as for treating rheumatism).
indemnification an act of compensation for actual loss or damage or for trouble and annoyance.
tittivation titivation sprucing up; making decorative additions to.
downspin a swift and dangerous downturn.
oil_change replacing dirty oil with clean.
anastylosis the archeological reassembly of ruined monuments from fallen or decayed fragments (incorporating new materials when necessary).
comedown decline to a lower status or level.
etiolation (botany) the act of causing a plant to develop without chlorophyll by growing it without exposure to sunlight; "the etiolation of celery".
environmentalism the activity of protecting the environment from pollution or destruction.
mumbling gumming ineffectual chewing (as if without teeth).
defoliation causing the leaves of trees and other plants to fall off (as by the use of chemicals).
push an effort to advance; "the army made a push toward the sea".
march a steady advance; "the march of science"; "the march of time".
limp hobble hitch the uneven manner of walking that results from an injured leg.
trudge a long difficult walk.
stumble stagger lurch an unsteady uneven gait.
saunter a careless leisurely gait; "he walked with a kind of saunter as if he hadn't a care in the world".
swagger strut prance a proud stiff pompous gait.
break4 a sudden dash; "he made a break for the open door".
direct_flight a flight with one or more intermediate stops but no change of aircraft.
blind_landing blind_flying using only instruments for flying an aircraft because you cannot see through clouds or mists etc..
ground-controlled_approach gca aircraft landing in bad weather in which the pilot is talked down by ground control using precision approach radar.
crash_landing an emergency landing under circumstances where a normal landing is impossible (usually damaging the aircraft).
terrain_flight low_level_flight flight at very low altitudes.
trek any long and difficult trip.
shlep schlep a tedious or difficult journey.
sashay pleasure_trip outing junket jaunt expedition excursion a journey taken for pleasure; "many summer excursions to the shore"; "it was merely a pleasure trip"; "after cautious sashays into the field".
porterage the transportation of burdens by porters.
wild-goose_chase the fruitless pursuit of something unattainable.
clamber an awkward climb; "reaching the crest was a real clamber".
alpinism mountain climbing (not restricted to the Alps).
lowering letting_down the act of causing something to move to a lower level.
slip3 skid sideslip an unexpected slide.
movement move motion motility a change of position that does not entail a change of location; "the reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise"; "movement is a sign of life"; "an impatient move of his hand"; "gastrointestinal motility".
flit dart a sudden quick movement.
saccade jolt jerking jerk an abrupt spasmodic movement.
nutation uncontrolled nodding.
nystagmus involuntary movements of the eyeballs; its presence or absence is used to diagnose a variety of neurological and visual disorders.
musical_chairs a rearrangement that has no practical effect or significance; "the company is looking for stability after years of musical chairs with directors"; "shareholders don't want the company playing musical chairs with their investment".
toss an abrupt movement; "a toss of his head".
joggle jiggle a slight irregular shaking motion.
tilt sway rock careen pitching dangerously to one side.
upset turnover overturn the act of upsetting something; "he was badly bruised by the upset of his sled at a high speed".
tremor shudder an involuntary vibration (as if from illness or fear).
diversion divagation digression deviation deflexion deflection a turning aside (of your course or attention or concern); "a diversion from the main highway"; "a digression into irrelevant details"; "a deflection from his goal".
price_cutting price_cut cutting the price of merchandise to one lower than the usual or advertised price.
lowering the act of causing to become less.
spasmolysis the relaxation or relief of muscle spasms.
palliation easing the severity of a pain or a disease without removing the cause.
minimization minimisation the act of reducing something to the least possible amount or degree or position.
wilting wilt causing to become limp or drooping.
upsurge surge a sudden or abrupt strong increase; "stimulated a surge of speculation"; "an upsurge of emotion"; "an upsurge in violent crime".
spraying crop-dusting the dispersion of fungicides or insecticides or fertilizer on growing crops (often from a low-flying aircraft).
contracture an abnormal and usually permanent contraction of a muscle.
roughness harsh or severe speech or behavior; "men associate the roughness of nonstandard working-class speech with masculinity"; "the roughness of her voice was a signal to keep quiet".
pervaporation the concentration of a colloidal solution whose colloid will not pass through a semipermeable membrane; solution is placed in a bag of the membrane and the solvent is evaporated off.
confusion an act causing a disorderly combination of elements with identities lost and distinctions blended; "the confusion of tongues at the Tower of Babel".
babel a confusion of voices and other sounds.
decontamination the removal of contaminants.
comstockery censorship because of perceived obscenity or immorality.
therapeutic_rehabilitation physical_restoration physical_rehabilitation providing help for disabled persons; the removal or reduction of disabilities.
impairment damage that results in a reduction of strength or quality.
wounding wound the act of inflicting a wound.
burn damage inflicted by fire.
scald the act of burning with steam or hot water.
occult_arts occult supernatural practices and techniques; "he is a student of the occult".
anthropophagy human cannibalism; the eating of human flesh.
lobbyism the practice of lobbying; the activities of a lobbyist.
ambages (archaic) roundabout or mysterious ways of action.
path_of_least_resistance line_of_least_resistance the easiest way; "In marrying him she simply took the path of least resistance".
lynch_law the practice of punishing people by hanging without due process of law.
mistreatment the practice of treating (someone or something) badly; "he should be punished for his mistreatment of his mother".
vexation irritation annoying annoyance the act of troubling or annoying someone.
despite contemptuous disregard; "she wanted neither favor nor despite".
molestation harassment the act of tormenting by continued persistent attacks and criticism.
maltreatment ill-usage ill-treatment abuse cruel or inhumane treatment; "the child showed signs of physical abuse".
child_neglect failure of caretakers to provide adequate emotional and physical care for a child.
rendition handing over prisoners to countries where torture is allowed.
boot a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
burning a form of torture in which cigarettes or cigars or other hot implements are used to burn the victim's skin.
excruciation crucifixion the infliction of extremely painful punishment or suffering.
genital_torture blunt or penetrating trauma or rape (vaginal or anal).
inhuman_treatment cruelty a cruel act; a deliberate infliction of pain and suffering.
inhumanity atrocity an act of atrocious cruelty.
lark escapade any carefree episode.
escapism escape an inclination to retreat from unpleasant realities through diversion or fantasy; "romantic novels were her escape from the stress of daily life"; "his alcohol problem was a form of escapism".
nightlife night_life the activity of people seeking nighttime diversion (as at the theater, a nightclub, etc.); "a futile search for intelligent nightlife"; "in the summer the nightlife shifts to the dance clubs".
acrobatic_stunt acrobatic_feat a stunt performed by an acrobat.
long_fly a gymnastic exercise involving a long leap from a vaulting horse.
cross-country_skiing the sport of skiing across the countryside (rather than downhill).
skinny-dip a naked swim.
jackknife a dive in which the diver bends to touch the ankles before straightening out.
practice_game exhibition_game a game whose outcome is not recorded in the season's standing.
twin_bill doubleheader double_feature two games instead of one (especially in baseball when the same two teams play two games on the same day).
perfect_game a game in which a pitcher does not allow any opposing player to reach base.
spillikins jackstraws a game in which players try to pick each jackstraw (or spillikin) off of a pile without moving any of the others.
double_dutch the difficult version of jump rope in which players jump over two ropes that are swung in a crisscross manner by two turners.
merrymaking jollification conviviality a boisterous celebration; a merry festivity.
jinks hijinks high_jinx high_jinks noisy and mischievous merrymaking.
revelry revel unrestrained merrymaking.
tear bust bout binge an occasion for excessive eating or drinking; "they went on a bust that lasted three days".
piss-up vulgar expression for a bout of heavy drinking.
game1 frivolous or trifling behavior; "for actors, memorizing lines is no game"; "for him, life is all fun and games".
teasing playful vexation; "the parody was just a form of teasing".
distraction beguilement an entertainment that provokes pleased interest and distracts you from worries and vexations.
whoopee noisy and boisterous revelry.
repudiation debunking the exposure of falseness or pretensions; "the debunking of religion has been too successful".
modern_ballet a style of ballet that admits a wider variety of movements.
modern_dance a style of theatrical dancing that is not as restricted as classical ballet; movements are expressive of feelings.
two-step a ballroom dance in duple meter; marked by sliding steps.
rumba rhumba a ballroom dance based on the Cuban folk dance.
folk_dancing folk_dance a style of dancing that originated among ordinary people (not in the royal courts).
crooning singing in a soft low tone; "her crooning soon put the child to sleep".
takeoff parody mockery humorous or satirical mimicry.
overacting hamming poor acting by a ham actor.
circus carnival a frenetic disorganized (and often comic) disturbance suggestive of a large public entertainment; "it was so funny it was a circus"; "the whole occasion had a carnival atmosphere".
disorganization disorganisation the disturbance of a systematic arrangement causing disorder and confusion; "the disorganization of the enemy troops by a flank attack".
perturbation disruption the act of causing disorder.
surprise surprisal the act of surprising someone.
furore furor a sudden outburst (as of protest).
mayhem havoc violent and needless disturbance.
scrimmage melee battle_royal a noisy riotous fight.
tumultuous_disturbance outburst a sudden violent disturbance.
violent_disorder rampage violently angry and destructive behavior.
upset overthrow derangement the act of disturbing the mind or body; "his carelessness could have caused an ecological upset"; "she was unprepared for this sudden overthrow of their normal way of living".
drive2 (sports) a hard straight return (as in tennis or squash).
backhand_drive a hard straight return made on the backhand side.
ace a serve that the receiver is unable to reach.
chip_shot chip (golf) a low running approach shot.
sclaff a poor golf stroke in which the club head hits the ground before hitting the ball.
shank a poor golf stroke in which the heel of the club hits the ball.
flutter_kick a swimming kick; the legs are moved rapidly up and down without bending the knees.
thrash a swimming kick used while treading water.
job a damaging piece of work; "dry rot did the job of destroying the barn"; "the barber did a real job on my hair".
socage land tenure by agricultural service or payment of rent; not burdened with military service.
heavy_lifting difficult work; "the boss hoped the plan would succeed but he wasn't willing to do the heavy lifting".
hot_seat a difficult position where you are subjected to stress and criticism.
messiahship the position of messiah.
seigniory seigneury feudal_lordship the position and authority of a feudal lord.
thaneship the position of thane.
shingling the laying on of shingles; "shingling is a craft very different from carpentry".
struggle strenuous effort; "the struggle to get through the crowd exhausted her".
substituting subbing working as a substitute for someone who is ill or on leave of absence.
trouble difficulty an effort that is inconvenient; "I went to a lot of trouble"; "he won without any trouble"; "had difficulty walking"; "finished the test only with great difficulty".
the_devil something difficult or awkward to do or deal with; "it will be the devil to solve".
tsuris (Yiddish) aggravating trouble; "the frustrating tsuris he subjected himself to".
least_resistance least_effort the least effortful way to do something.
straining strain0 an intense or violent exertion.
pull a sustained effort; "it was a long pull but we made it".
weightlifting weightlift bodybuilding by exercise that involves lifting weights.
hatha_yoga yogic exercises (popular in the West) that combine difficult postures (which force the mind to withdraw from the outside world) with controlled breathing.
overkill any effort that seems to go farther than would be necessary to achieve its goal.
supererogation an effort above and beyond the call of duty.
overexertion excessive exertion; so much exertion that discomfort or injury results.
inquest an inquiry into the cause of an unexpected death.
contrast the act of distinguishing by comparing differences.
miscount an inaccurate count.
medical_care medical_aid professional treatment for illness or injury.
treatment intervention care provided to improve a situation (especially medical procedures or applications that are intended to relieve illness or injury).
effleurage a rhythmic stroking; "effleurage of the abdomen is used in the Lamaze method of childbirth".
chemotherapy the use of chemical agents to treat or control disease (or mental illness).
antipyresis medication with antipyretics to treat a fever.
megavitamin_therapy therapy based on a theory that taking very large doses of vitamins will prevent or cure physical or psychological disorders.
occupational_therapy therapy based on engagement in meaningful activities of daily life, especially to enable or encourage participation in such activities in spite of impairments or limitations in physical or mental functions.
nursing the work of caring for the sick or injured or infirm.
personal_care care for someone who is disabled or is otherwise unable to care for themselves; can including bathing and cooking and managing bodily functions.
angioplasty an operation to repair a damaged blood vessel or unblock a coronary artery.
chemosurgery use of chemical to destroy diseased or malignant tissue; used in treatment of skin cancer.
cholecystectomy surgical removal of the gall bladder (usually for relief of gallstone pain).
extracapsular_surgery cataract surgery in which only the front of the lens is removed; the back of the lens capsule remains intact and provides support for the lens implant.
cyclodestructive_surgery an eye operation that treats glaucoma by destroying the ciliary body with a laser.
laser-assisted_subepithelial_keratomileusis lasek a refractive surgery procedure that reshapes the cornea.
lasik laser-assisted_in_situ_keratomileusis a refractive surgery procedure that reshapes the cornea.
callosotomy callosectomy severing the corpus callosum so that communication between the cerebral hemispheres is interrupted (in cases of severe intractable epilepsy).
lumpectomy surgical removal of a tumor without removing much of the surrounding tissue or lymph nodes; performed in some cases of breast cancer.
minor_surgery any surgical procedure that does not involve anesthesia or respiratory assistance.
pneumonectomy surgical removal of a lung (usually to treat lung cancer).
phalloplasty reconstructive surgery on the penis to repair congenital abnormality or injury.
rhizotomy surgical procedure in which spinal nerve roots are cut; done (anterior roots) to relieve intractable pain or (posterior roots) to stop severe muscle spasms.
neutering fixing altering the sterilization of an animal; "they took him to the vet for neutering".
hospice a program of medical and emotional care for the terminally ill.
venesection phlebotomy surgical incision into a vein; used to treat hemochromatosis.
detoxification treatment for poisoning by neutralizing the toxic properties (normally a function of the liver).
physiotherapy physical_therapy physiatrics therapy that uses physical agents: exercise and massage and other modalities.
rehabilitation the treatment of physical disabilities by massage and electrotherapy and exercises.
phytotherapy herbal_therapy botanical_medicine the use of plants or plant extracts for medicinal purposes (especially plants that are not part of the normal diet).
psychotherapy the treatment of mental or emotional problems by psychological means.
hypnotherapy the use of hypnosis in psychotherapy.
chrysotherapy the use of chemicals containing gold for treating diseases (such as rheumatoid arthritis).
shock_treatment shock_therapy treatment of certain psychotic states by the administration of shocks that are followed by convulsions.
insulin_shock_treatment insulin_shock_therapy insulin_shock the administration of sufficient insulin to induce convulsions and coma.
metrazol_shock_treatment metrazol_shock_therapy metrazol_shock the administration of sufficient Metrazol to induce convulsions and coma.
fomentation application of warm wet coverings to a part of the body to relieve pain and inflammation.
disinfection treatment to destroy harmful microorganisms.
digitalization digitalisation the administration of digitalis for the treatment of certain heart disorders.
stylostixis acupuncture treatment of pain or disease by inserting the tips of needles at specific points on the skin.
loading the labor of putting a load of something on or in a vehicle or ship or container etc.; "the loading took 2 hours".
unloading the labor of taking a load of something off of or out of a vehicle or ship or container etc..
blind_stitching stitching that is not easily seen or noticed.
gender_role the overt expression of attitudes that indicate to others the degree of your maleness or femaleness; "your gender role is the public expression of your gender identity".
steal a stolen base; an instance in which a base runner advances safely during the delivery of a pitch (without the help of a hit or walk or passed ball or wild pitch).
classroom_project a school task requiring considerable effort.
fool's_errand a fruitless mission.
mission_impossible an extremely dangerous or difficult mission.
shitwork scut_work trivial, unrewarding, tedious, dirty, and disagreeable chores; "the hospital hired him to do scut work".
violation usurpation trespass intrusion encroachment entry to another's property without right or permission.
alienation_of_affection a tort based on willful and malicious interference with the marriage relation by a third party without justification or excuse.
invasion_of_privacy the wrongful intrusion by individuals or the government into private affairs with which the public has no concern.
continuing_trespass trespass that is not transient or intermittent but continues as long as the offending object remains; "dumping his garbage on my land was a case of continuing trespass".
misdeed misbehaviour misbehavior improper or wicked or immoral behavior.
juvenile_delinquency delinquency an antisocial misdeed in violation of the law by a minor.
shenanigan roguishness roguery rascality mischievousness mischief-making mischief deviltry devilry devilment reckless or malicious behavior that causes discomfort or annoyance in others.
hell blaze noisy and unrestrained mischief; "raising blazes".
indecency impropriety an indecent or improper act.
paraphilia abnormal sexual activity.
immodesty exhibitionism the perverse act of exposing and attracting attention to your own genitals.
obscenity an obscene act.
peccadillo indiscretion a petty misdeed.
contributory_negligence (law) behavior by the plaintiff that contributes to the harm resulting from the defendant's negligence; "in common law any degree of contributory negligence would bar the plaintiff from collecting damages".
culpable_negligence criminal_negligence (law) recklessly acting without reasonable caution and putting another person at risk of injury or death (or failing to do something with the same consequences).
evasion escape dodging nonperformance of something distasteful (as by deceit or trickery) that you are supposed to do; "his evasion of his clear duty was reprehensible"; "that escape from the consequences is possible but unattractive".
malpractice professional wrongdoing that results in injury or damage; "the widow sued his surgeon for malpractice".
waste_of_energy waste_of_effort a useless effort.
prodigality lavishness highlife high_life extravagance excessive spending.
wrong legal_injury damage any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a legal right.
infliction an act causing pain or damage.
villainy a criminal or vicious act.
deviltry devilry wicked and cruel behavior.
setup frame-up an act that incriminates someone on a false charge.
dissimulation dissembling deception deceit the act of deceiving.
indirection deceitful action that is not straightforward; "he could see through the indirections of diplomats".
wile trickery shenanigan guile chicanery chicane the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them).
duplicity double-dealing acting in bad faith; deception by pretending to entertain one set of intentions while acting under the influence of another.
sophistication falsification by the use of sophistry; misleading by means of specious fallacies; "he practiced the art of sophistication upon reason".
put-on humbug hoax fraudulence fraud dupery something intended to deceive; deliberate trickery intended to gain an advantage.
scam cozenage a fraudulent business scheme.
simulation pretense pretending pretence feigning the act of giving a false appearance; "his conformity was only pretending".
pretend make-believe the enactment of a pretense; "it was just pretend".
masquerade making a false outward show; "a beggar's masquerade of wealth".
fall a lapse into sin; a loss of innocence or of chastity; "a fall from virtue".
venial_sin a pardonable sin regarded as entailing only a partial loss of grace.
invidia envy spite and resentment at seeing the success of another (personified as one of the deadly sins).
rapacity greed covetousness avaritia avarice reprehensible acquisitiveness; insatiable desire for wealth (personified as one of the deadly sins).
wrath ire ira anger belligerence aroused by a real or supposed wrong (personified as one of the deadly sins).
international_terrorism terrorism practiced in a foreign country by terrorists who are not native to that country.
crime an evil act not necessarily punishable by law; "crimes of the heart".
assault a threatened or attempted physical attack by someone who appears to be able to cause bodily harm if not stopped.
aggravated_assault a reckless attack with intent to injure seriously (as with a deadly weapon).
battery assault_and_battery an assault in which the assailant makes physical contact.
fraud intentional deception resulting in injury to another person.
mayhem the willful and unlawful crippling or mutilation of another person.
public_nudity indecent_exposure vulgar and offensive nakedness in a public place.
perjury lying_under_oath bearing_false_witness criminal offense of making false statements under oath.
sedition an illegal action inciting resistance to lawful authority and tending to cause the disruption or overthrow of the government.
mugging assault with intent to rob.
tazir_crime (Islam) minor crimes committed by Muslims; crimes that are not mentioned in the Koran so judges are free to punish the offender in any appropriate way; "in some Islamic nations Tazir crimes are set by legislation".
statutory_offense statutory_offence regulatory_offense regulatory_offence crimes created by statutes and not by common law.
thuggery violent or brutal acts as of thugs.
bigamy the offense of marrying someone while you have a living spouse from whom no valid divorce has occurred.
abduction the criminal act of capturing and carrying away by force a family member; if a man's wife is abducted it is a crime against the family relationship and against the wife.
peculation misappropriation misapplication embezzlement defalcation the fraudulent appropriation of funds or property entrusted to your care but actually owned by someone else.
mail_fraud use of the mails to defraud someone.
positive_fraud fraud_in_fact actual deceit; concealing something or making a false representation with an evil intent to cause injury to another.
pilferage the act of stealing small amounts or small articles.
robbery larceny by threat of violence.
war_crime a crime committed in wartime; violation of rules of war.
job3 caper a crime (especially a robbery); "the gang pulled off a bank job in St. Louis".
rip-off heist the act of stealing.
rolling the act of robbing a helpless person; "he was charged with rolling drunks in the park".
forlorn_hope a hopeless or desperate enterprise.
essay a tentative attempt.
mug's_game a futile or unprofitable endeavor.
stab shot6 informal words for any attempt or effort; "he gave it his best shot"; "he took a stab at forecasting".
scuffle scramble an unceremonious and disorganized struggle.
anti-takeover_defense resistance to or defense against a hostile takeover.
lost_cause a defeated cause or a cause for which defeat is inevitable.
war a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious; "the war on poverty"; "the war against crime".
whispering_campaign the organized dissemination of derogatory rumors designed to discredit a candidate.
risk peril danger a venture undertaken without regard to possible loss or injury; "he saw the rewards but not the risks of crime"; "there was a danger he would do the wrong thing".
long_shot a venture that involves great risk but promises great rewards.
damage_control an effort to minimize or curtail damage or loss.
imperialism any instance of aggressive extension of authority.
synchronizing synchronization synchronisation coordinating by causing to indicate the same time; "the synchronization of their watches was an important preliminary".
constructive_possession (law) having the power and intention to have and control property but without direct control or actual presence upon it.
criminal_possession (law) possession for which criminal sanctions are provided because the property may not lawfully be possessed or may not be possessed under certain circumstances.
rectal_reflex defecation_reflex normal response to the presence of feces in the rectum.
dead_reckoning navigation without the aid of celestial observations.
protection the activity of protecting someone or something; "the witnesses demanded police protection".
saving preservation the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
oil_conservation the conservation of petroleum resources.
self-preservation preservation of yourself from harm; a natural or instinctive tendency.
overshielding overprotection momism excessive protection.
secondary_censorship armed forces censorship of the personal communications of officers or civilian employees or enlisted personnel not subject to primary censorship.
security_measures security measures taken as a precaution against theft or espionage or sabotage etc.; "military security has been stepped up since the recent uprising".
defense2 defence1 the act of defending someone or something against attack or injury; "a good boxer needs a good defense"; "defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem".
defense defence0 protection from harm; "sanitation is the best defense against disease".
jujutsu jujitsu jiujitsu a method of self-defense without weapons that was developed in China and Japan; holds and blows are supplemented by clever use of the attacker's own weight and strength.
covering the act of protecting something by covering it.
dressing processes in the conversion of rough hides into leather.
artificial_respiration an emergency procedure whereby breathing is maintained artificially.
abdominal_breathing breathing in which most of the respiratory effort is done by the abdominal muscles; "abdominal breathing is practiced by singers".
eupnoea eupnea normal relaxed breathing.
panting heaving breathing heavily (as after exertion).
gulping gulp a spasmodic reflex of the throat made as if in swallowing.
engorgement eating ravenously or voraciously to satiation.
surfeit repletion eating until excessively full.
tasting savouring savoring relishing degustation taking a small amount into the mouth to test its quality; "cooking was fine but it was the savoring that he enjoyed most".
nibble gentle biting.
pinch nip a small sharp bite or snip.
omophagia the eating of raw food.
scatophagy the eating of excrement or other filth.
outercourse sexual stimulation without vaginal penetration; "since pregnancy cannot happen if sperm are kept out of the vagina, outercourse is one method of birth control".
free_love extramarital_sex sexual intercourse between individuals who are not married to one another.
fornication voluntary sexual intercourse between persons not married to each other.
natural_family_planning any of several methods of family planning that do not involve sterilization or contraceptive devices or drugs; coitus is avoided during the fertile time of a woman's menstrual cycle.
ovulation_method_of_family_planning ovulation_method natural family planning in which the fertile period is inferred from changes in the character and quantity of cervical mucus; ovulation is marked by an increase in mucus that becomes sticky and then clearer and slippery.
snuggling smooching petting necking kissing hugging fondling cuddling caressing affectionate play (or foreplay without contact with the genital organs).
snooze short_sleep nap forty_winks catnap cat_sleep sleeping for a short period of time (usually not in bed).
zizz a nap; "Arthur's taking a short zizz".
automatism any reaction that occurs automatically without conscious thought or reflection (especially the undirected behavior seen in psychomotor epilepsy).
overreaction an excessive reaction; a reaction with inappropriate emotional behavior.
complement_fixation an immune response in which an antigen-antibody combination inactivates a complement (so it is unavailable to participate in a second antigen-antibody combination).
kinesis a movement that is a response to a stimulus but is not oriented with respect to the source of stimulation.
wince flinch a reflex response to sudden pain.
pupillary_reflex myosis miosis light_reflex reflex contraction of the sphincter muscle of the iris in response to a bright light (or certain drugs) causing the pupil to become smaller.
pilomotor_reflex horripilation gooseflesh goosebump goose_skin goose_pimple goose_bump reflex erection of hairs of the skin in response to cold or emotional stress or skin irritation.
startle start jump a sudden involuntary movement; "he awoke with a start".
tremble shiver shake a reflex motion caused by cold or fear or excitement.
sobbing sob convulsive gasp made while weeping.
wailing bawling loud cries made while weeping.
disapproval the act of disapproving or condemning.
gape a stare of amazement (usually with the mouth open).
evil_eye a look that is believed to have the power of inflicting harm.
adult_education a course (via lectures or correspondence) for adults who are not otherwise engaged in formal study.
extracurricular_activity educational activities not falling within the scope of the regular curriculum.
directed_study a course of study that is supervised and controlled by a specialist in the subject; "he registered for directed study"; "he got credit for directed study"; "he did directed study".
refresher_course refresher a course that reviews and updates a topic for those who have not kept abreast of developments.
fartlek a method of athletic training (especially for runners) in which strenuous effort and normal effort alternate in a continuous exercise.
underexposure the act of exposing film to too little light or for too short a time.
knitting creating knitted wear.
underproduction inadequate production or less than expected.
culture the raising of plants or animals; "the culture of oysters".
subsistence_farming farming that provides for the basic needs of the farmer without surpluses for marketing.
tree_surgery treatment of damaged or decaying trees.
rummage ransacking a thorough search for something (often causing disorder or confusion); "he gave the attic a good rummage but couldn't find his skis".
misuse abuse improper or excessive use; "alcohol abuse"; "the abuse of public funds".
substance_abuse habit drug_abuse excessive use of drugs.
misapplication wrong use or application.
limited_war a war whose objective is less than the unconditional defeat of the enemy.
war_of_nerves psychological_warfare the use of psychological tactics to destroy the opponents' morale.
armageddon any catastrophically destructive battle; "they called the first World War an Armageddon".
contretemps an awkward clash; "he tried to smooth over his contretemps with the policeman".
stand2 a defensive effort; "the army made a final stand at the Rhone".
hostility aggression violent action that is hostile and usually unprovoked.
hostilities belligerency fighting; acts of overt warfare; "the outbreak of hostilities".
meat_grinder any action resulting in injury or destruction; "the meat grinder of politics destroyed his reputation"; "allied forces crumbled before the Wehrmacht meat grinder".
domestic_violence violence or physical abuse directed toward your spouse or domestic partner; usually violence by men against women.
ravaging devastation plundering with excessive damage and destruction.
second_crusade a Crusade from 1145 to 1147 that failed because of internal disagreements among the crusaders and led to the loss of Jerusalem in 1187.
fourth_crusade a Crusade from 1202 to 1204 that was diverted into a battle for Constantinople and failed to recapture Jerusalem.
seventh_crusade a Crusade initiated in 1248 after the loss of Jerusalem in 1244 and defeated in 1249.
storm a direct and violent assault on a stronghold.
raid maraud foray a sudden short attack.
inroad an invasion or hostile attack.
strike an attack that is intended to seize or inflict damage on or destroy an objective; "the strike was scheduled to begin at dawn".
preventive_strike preventive_attack a strike that is carried out in order to deter expected aggression by hostile forces.
toss_bombing loft_bombing a bombing run in which the bomber approaches the target at a low altitude and pulls up just before releasing the bomb.
suicide_bombing a terrorist bombing carried out by someone who does not hope to survive it.
dirty_war an offensive conducted by secret police or the military of a regime against revolutionary and terrorist insurgents and marked by the use of kidnapping and torture and murder with civilians often being the victims; "thousands of people disappeared and were killed during Argentina's dirty war in the late 1970s".
current_intelligence intelligence of all types and forms of immediate interest; usually disseminated without delays for evaluation or interpretation.
covert_operation an intelligence operation so planned as to permit plausible denial by the sponsor.
black_operation a covert operation not attributable to the organization carrying it out.
covering_fire cover fire that makes it difficult for the enemy to fire on your own individuals or formations; "artillery provided covering fire for the withdrawal".
deep_supporting_fire fire on objectives not in the immediate vicinity of your forces but with the objective of destroying enemy reserves and weapons and interfering with the enemy command and supply and communications.
indirect_fire fire delivered on a target that is not itself used as the point of aim for the weapons.
drumfire cannonade intense and continuous artillery fire.
germ_warfare bacteriological_warfare the use of harmful bacteria as a weapon.
algometry measuring sensitivity to pain or pressure.
shading blending a gradation involving small or imperceptible differences between grades.
emulation effort to equal or surpass another.
intervention (law) a proceeding that permits a person to enter into a lawsuit already in progress; admission of person not an original party to the suit so that person can protect some right or interest that is allegedly affected by the proceedings; "the purpose of intervention is to prevent unnecessary duplication of lawsuits".
red_tape bureaucratic_procedure needlessly time-consuming procedure.
objection (law) a procedure whereby a party to a suit says that a particular line of questioning or a particular witness or a piece of evidence or other matter is improper and should not be continued and asks the court to rule on its impropriety or illegality.
rigmarole rigamarole a long and complicated and confusing procedure; "all that academic rigmarole was a waste of time".
rat_race an exhausting routine that leaves no time for relaxation.
rut groove a settled and monotonous routine that is hard to escape; "they fell into a conversational rut".
nudism naturism going without clothes as a social practice.
idolization idolisation the act of worshiping blindly and to excess.
bardolatry the idolization of William Shakespeare.
zoolatry animal-worship the worship of animals.
serpent-worship ophiolatry the worship of snakes.
concubinage cohabitation without being legally married.
infant_feeding feeding an infant.
gavage forced_feeding feeding that consists of the delivery of a nutrient solution (as through a nasal tube) to someone who cannot or will not eat.
overfeeding excessive feeding.
spoonfeeding feeding someone (as a baby) from a spoon.
schedule_feeding feeding a baby or animal according to a fixed schedule (e.g., every 4 hours).
extortion unjust exaction (as by the misuse of authority); "the extortion by dishonest officials of fees for performing their sworn duty".
bedrest bed_rest confinement to bed continuously (as in the case of some sick or injured persons).
sleeping quiescency quiescence dormancy quiet and inactive restfulness.
dolce_far_niente carefree idleness.
forbearance a delay in enforcing rights or claims or privileges; refraining from acting; "his forbearance to reply was alarming".
mortification (Christianity) the act of mortifying the lusts of the flesh by self-denial and privation (especially by bodily pain or discomfort inflicted on yourself).
laughter the activity of laughing; the manifestation of joy or mirth or scorn; "he enjoyed the laughter of the crowd".
stalling stall a tactic used to mislead or delay.
stonewalling stalling or delaying especially by refusing to answer questions or cooperate.
misdeal an incorrect deal.
health_care social insurance for the ill and injured.
medicaid health care for the needy; a federally and state-funded program.
alms money or goods contributed to the poor.
almsgiving alms-giving making voluntary contributions to aid the poor.
soft_sell suggestive or persuasive advertising.
jerry-building construction of inferior buildings for a quick profit.
alienation (law) the voluntary and absolute transfer of title and possession of real property from one person to another; "the power of alienation is an essential ingredient of ownership".
horse_trading horse_trade the swapping of horses (accompanied by much bargaining).
borrowing obtaining funds from a lender.
fire_sale a sale of merchandise supposedly damaged by fire.
fire_sale a sale of assets at very low prices typically when the seller faces bankruptcy.
nonpayment evasion the deliberate act of failing to pay money; "his evasion of all his creditors"; "he was indicted for nonpayment".
misrule misgovernment government that is inefficient or dishonest.
law_enforcement ensuring obedience to the laws.
misconduct bad or dishonest management by persons supposed to act on another's behalf.
mismanagement misdirection management that is careless or inefficient; "he accomplished little due to the mismanagement of his energies".
name by the sanction or authority of; "halt in the name of the law".
toleration official recognition of the right of individuals to hold dissenting opinions (especially in religion).
damper a depressing restraint; "rain put a damper on our picnic plans".
false_imprisonment (law) confinement without legal authority.
regimentation the imposition of order or discipline.
pacification mollification the act of appeasing someone or causing someone to be more favorably inclined; "a wonderful skill in the pacification of crying infants"; "his unsuccessful mollification of the mob".
cronyism favoritism shown to friends and associates (as by appointing them to positions without regard for their qualifications).
secularization secularisation the activity of changing something (art or education or society or morality etc.) so it is no longer under the control or influence of religion.
sexism discriminatory or abusive behavior towards members of the opposite sex.
stylization stylisation the act of stylizing; causing to conform to a particular style.
whacking trouncing thrashing licking lacing drubbing beating the act of inflicting corporal punishment with repeated blows.
corporal_punishment the infliction of physical injury on someone convicted of committing a crime.
self-flagellation self-punishment inflicted by whipping.
self-punishment punishment inflicted on yourself.
stick threat of a penalty; "the policy so far is all stick and no carrot".
kick_in_the_butt punishment inflicted by kicking the victim in the behind.
stoning lapidation the act of pelting with stones; punishment inflicted by throwing stones at the victim (even unto death).
strife bitter conflict; heated often violent dissension.
battle_of_wits a contest in which intelligence rather than violence is used.
opposition confrontation the act of hostile groups opposing each other; "the government was not ready for a confrontation with the unions"; "the invaders encountered stiff opposition".
discordance discord strife resulting from a lack of agreement.
road_rage violence exhibited by drivers in traffic.
tussle scuffle rough-and-tumble hassle dogfight disorderly fighting.
aggro (informal British usage) aggravation or aggression; "I skipped it because it was too much aggro".
slugfest fisticuffs fistfight a fight with bare fists.
stinger a sharp stinging blow.
shot4 a blow hard enough to cause injury; "he is still recovering from a shot to his leg"; "I caught him with a solid shot to the chin".
wallop a severe blow.
ruffle fray disturbance affray a noisy fight.
obstructionism deliberate interference.
punch-up a fistfight; "the quarrel ended in a punch-up".
rebelliousness insubordination an insubordinate act.
contumacy obstinate rebelliousness and insubordination; resistance to authority.
due_process_of_law due_process (law) the administration of justice according to established rules and principles; based on the principle that a person cannot be deprived of life or liberty or property without appropriate legal procedures and safeguards.
confession_of_judgment confession_of_judgement cognovit_judgment cognovit_judgement a judgment entered after a written confession by the debtor without the expense of ordinary legal proceedings.
non_prosequitur non_pros a judgment entered in favor of the defendant when the plaintiff has not continued his action (e.g., has not appeared in court).
judgment_of_dismissal judgement_of_dismissal dismissal a judgment disposing of the matter without a trial.
summary_judgment summary_judgement judgment_on_the_pleadings judgement_on_the_pleadings a judgment rendered by the court prior to a verdict because no material issue of fact exists and one party or the other is entitled to a judgment as a matter of law.
compromise_verdict a verdict resulting from improper compromises between jurors on material issues.
directed_verdict a verdict entered by the court in a jury trial without consideration by the jury; "there cannot be a directed verdict of guilty in a criminal trial".
false_verdict a manifestly unjust verdict; not true to the evidence.
quotient_verdict an improper and unacceptable kind of compromise verdict.
special_verdict a verdict rendered on certain specific factual issues posed by the court without finding for one party or the other.
robbery_conviction conviction for robbery.
ouster a wrongful dispossession.
eviction constructive_eviction action by a landlord that compels a tenant to leave the premises (as by rendering the premises unfit for occupancy); no physical expulsion or legal process is involved.
trial_by_ordeal ordeal a primitive method of determining a person's guilt or innocence by subjecting the accused person to dangerous or painful tests believed to be under divine control; escape was usually taken as a sign of innocence.
denial demurrer defense1 defence a defendant's answer or plea denying the truth of the charges against him; "he gave evidence for the defense".
entrapment a defense that claims the defendant would not have broken the law if not tricked into doing it by law enforcement officials.
mistrial a trial that is invalid or inconclusive.
fair_hearing a hearing that is granted in extraordinary situations where the normal judicial process would be inadequate to secure due process because the person would be harmed or denied their rights before a judicial remedy became available (as in deportation or loss of welfare benefits).
line6 acting in conformity; "in line with"; "he got out of line"; "toe the line".
nonobservance a lack of conformity with law or custom or practice etc..
thanks with the help of or owing to; "thanks to hard work it was a great success".
social_work any of various services designed to aid the poor and aged and to increase the welfare of children.
comfort assistance, such as that provided to an enemy or to a known criminal; "it gave comfort to the enemy".
simplism oversimplification an act of excessive simplification; the act of making something seem simpler than it really is.
rationalization rationalisation (mathematics) the simplification of an expression or equation by eliminating radicals without changing the value of the expression or the roots of the equation.
protection auspices aegis kindly endorsement and guidance; "the tournament was held under the auspices of the city council".
aggression deliberately unfriendly behavior.
provocation irritation aggravation unfriendly behavior that causes anger or resentment.
last_straw the final irritation that stretches your patience beyond the limit.
exacerbation violent and bitter exasperation; "his foolishness was followed by an exacerbation of their quarrel".
twit taunting taunt aggravation by deriding or mocking or criticizing.
raising_hell hell_raising making trouble just for the fun of it.
dirty_pool conduct that is unfair or unethical or unsportsmanlike.
easiness the quality of being easy in behavior or style; "there was an easiness between them"; "a natural easiness of manner".
mock the act of mocking or ridiculing; "they made a mock of him".
insolence an offensive disrespectful impudent act.
insult affront a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate disrespect; "turning his back on me was a deliberate insult".
slight rebuff a deliberate discourteous act (usually as an expression of anger or disapproval).
pardon forgiveness the act of excusing a mistake or offense.
revenge retaliation action taken in return for an injury or offense.
vengeance retribution payback the act of taking revenge (harming someone in retaliation for something harmful that they have done) especially in the next life; "Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord"--Romans 12:19; "For vengeance I would do nothing. This nation is too great to look for mere revenge"--James Garfield; "he swore vengeance on the man who betrayed him"; "the swiftness of divine retribution".
vindication exoneration the act of vindicating or defending against criticism or censure etc.; "friends provided a vindication of his position".
whitewash a specious or deceptive clearing that attempts to gloss over failings and defects.
work_stoppage strike a group's refusal to work in protest against low pay or bad work conditions; "the strike lasted more than a month before it was settled".
sympathy_strike sympathetic_strike a strike in support of other workers who are on strike; a strike not resulting from direct grievances against the workers' employer.
wildcat_strike a strike undertaken by workers without approval from the officials of their union.
flip a sudden, quick movement; "with a flip of the wrist"; "the fish flipped over".
trap lying_in_wait ambush ambuscade the act of concealing yourself and lying in wait to attack by surprise.
stupidity imbecility foolishness folly betise a stupid mistake.
vandalism malicious_mischief hooliganism willful wanton and malicious destruction of the property of others.
amendment the act of amending or correcting.
emendation a correction by emending; a correction resulting from critical editing.
hit a murder carried out by an underworld syndicate; "it has all the earmarks of a Mafia hit".
infanticide murdering an infant.
manipulative_electronic_deception electronic_manipulative_deception actions to eliminate revealing telltale indicators that could be used by the enemy (or to convey misleading indicators).
simulative_electronic_deception electronic_simulative_deception actions to represent friendly notional or actual capabilities to mislead hostile forces.
cantillation liturgical chanting.
probation (law) a way of dealing with offenders without imprisoning them; a defendant found guilty of a crime is released by the court without imprisonment subject to conditions imposed by the court; "probation is part of the sentencing process".
revoke renege the mistake of not following suit when able to do so.
trumping ruff (card games) the act of taking a trick with a trump when unable to follow suit.
buzz a confusion of activity and gossip; "the buzz of excitement was so great that a formal denial was issued".
sin hell violent and excited activity; "they began to fight like sin".
spoiling spoilage spoil the act of spoiling something by causing damage to it; "her spoiling my dress was deliberate".
vulgarization vulgarisation the act of rendering something coarse and unrefined.
battle_of_kerbala a battle in 680 in which the grandson of Mohammed and his followers were killed; "the Battle of Kerbala is the basis for the Ta'ziyehs that are performed annually".
bosworth_field the battle that ended the Wars of the Roses (1485); Richard III was killed and Henry Tudor was crowned as Henry VII.
brunanburh battle_of_brunanburh a battle in 937 when Athelstan defeated the Scots.
chalons-sur-marne chalons the battle in which Attila the Hun was defeated by the Romans and Visigoths in 451.
cunaxa battle_of_cunaxa battle in 401 BC when the Artaxerxes II defeated his younger brother who tried to usurp the throne.
ivry_la_bataille ivry battle_of_ivry a battle (1590) in which the Huguenots under Henry IV defeated the Catholics under the duke of Mayenne.
jena battle_of_jena the battle in 1806 in which Napoleon decisively defeated the Prussians.
lutzen battle_of_lutzen a battle in the Thirty Years' War (1632); Swedes under Gustavus Adolphus defeated the Holy Roman Empire under Wallenstein; Gustavus Adolphus was killed.
marston_moor battle_of_marston_moor a battle in 1644 in which the Parliamentarians under the earl of Manchester defeated the Royalists under Prince Rupert.
wagram battle_of_wagram a battle in the Napoleonic campaigns (1809); Napoleon defeated the Austrians.
kingdom_animalia animalia animal_kingdom taxonomic kingdom comprising all living or extinct animals.
homotherm homoiotherm homeotherm an animal that has a body temperature that is relatively constant and independent of the environmental temperature.
varmint varment any usually predatory wild animal considered undesirable; e.g., coyote.
scavenger any animal that feeds on refuse and other decaying organic matter.
domesticated_animal domestic_animal any of various animals that have been tamed and made fit for a human environment.
pet a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement.
stunt a creature (especially a whale) that has been prevented from attaining full growth.
heteroploid (genetics) an organism or cell having a chromosome number that is not an even multiple of the haploid chromosome number for that species.
adult any mature animal.
young offspring any immature animal.
orphan a young animal without a mother.
kit young of any of various fur-bearing animals; "a fox kit".
giant any creature of exceptional size.
survivor an animal that survives in spite of adversity; "only the fittest animals were survivors of the cold winters".
anaerobe an organism (especially a bacterium) that does not require air or free oxygen to live.
obligate_anaerobe an organism that cannot grow in the presence of oxygen.
lassa_virus the RNA virus that causes Lassa fever.
filoviridae a family of threadlike RNA viruses that cause diseases in humans and nonhuman primates (monkeys and chimpanzees).
human_t-cell_leukemia_virus-1 htlv-1 retrovirus causing T-cell leukemia.
orthomyxovirus a group of viruses including those causing influenza.
paramyxovirus a group of viruses including those causing mumps and measles.
poliovirus the virus causing poliomyelitis.
hepatitis_a_virus the virus causing hepatitis A.
coxsackievirus coxsackie_virus enterovirus causing a disease resembling poliomyelitis but without paralysis.
herpes_virus herpes any of the animal viruses that cause painful blisters on the skin.
hsv-i hsv-1 hs1 herpes_simplex_1 a herpes virus that causes oral herpes.
hsv-ii hsv-2 hs2 herpes_simplex_2 a herpes virus that can cause genital herpes.
herpes_zoster_virus herpes_zoster a herpes virus that causes shingles.
herpes_varicella_zoster_virus herpes_varicella_zoster a herpes virus that causes chickenpox and shingles.
papovavirus any of a group of animal viruses associated with or causing papillomas or polyomas.
polyoma_virus polyoma a virus the can initiate various kinds of tumors in mice.
rhabdovirus any of a group of arboviruses including those causing rabies.
reovirus any of a group of non-arboviruses including the rotavirus causing infant enteritis.
rotavirus the reovirus causing infant enteritis.
parvovirus parvo any of a group of viruses containing DNA in an icosahedral protein shell and causing disease in dogs and cattle; not known to be associated with any human disease.
animal_order the order of animals.
halophile halophil archaebacteria requiring a salt-rich environment for growth and survival.
yersinia_pestis a bacillus bacterium that causes the plague; aerosolized bacteria can be used as a bioweapon.
coccobacillus a bacterial cell intermediate in morphology between a coccus and a bacillus; a very short bacillus.
heliobacter_pylori h._pylori the type species of genus Heliobacter; produces urease and is associated with several gastroduodenal diseases (including gastritis and gastric ulcers and duodenal ulcers and other peptic ulcers).
clostridium_botulinum botulinus botulinum anaerobic bacterium producing botulin the toxin that causes botulism.
pseudomonas genus_pseudomonas type genus of the family Pseudomonodaceae.
xanthomonas genus_xanthomonas a genus of bacteria similar to Pseudomonas but producing a yellow pigment that is not soluble in water.
spirillum_minus ratbite_fever_bacterium a bacterium causing ratbite fever.
genus_bacteroides bacteroides type genus of Bacteroidaceae; genus of Gram-negative rodlike anaerobic bacteria producing no endospores and no pigment and living in the gut of man and animals.
neisseria_gonorrhoeae gonococcus the pus-producing bacterium that causes gonorrhea.
listeria_monocytogenes l._monocytogenes the type species of the genus Listeria; can cause meningitis, encephalitis, septicemia, endocarditis, abortion, abscesses, listeriosis.
shigella_dysentariae shiga_bacillus a bacillus that causes dysentery.
rickettsiaceae family_rickettsiaceae microorganism resembling bacteria inhabiting arthropod tissues but capable of causing disease in vertebrates.
genus_rickettsia can cause typhus and Rocky Mountain spotted fever in humans.
family_chlamydiaceae chlamydiaceae Gram-negative parasites in warm-blooded vertebrates.
genus_chlamydia type genus of the family Chlamydiaceae: disease-causing parasites.
mycoplasmataceae family_mycoplasmataceae pleomorphic Gram-negative nonmotile microorganism similar to both viruses and bacteria; parasitic in mammals.
genus_mycoplasma type and sole genus of the family Mycoplasmataceae.
pplo pleuropneumonialike_organism a mycoplasma resistant to antibiotics that causes a kind of pneumonia in humans.
nitrous_bacterium nitrite_bacterium any of the nitrobacteria that oxidize ammonia into nitrites.
genus_actinomyces type genus of the family Actinomycetaceae.
actinomyces soil-inhabiting saprophytes and disease-producing plant and animal parasites.
genus_streptomyces type genus of the family Streptomycetaceae.
streptomyces_scabies potato_scab_bacteria cause of a potato disease characterized by brownish corky tissue.
mycobacterium mycobacteria rod-shaped bacteria some saprophytic or causing diseases.
tubercle_bacillus mycobacterium_tuberculosis cause of tuberculosis.
mycobacterium_leprae leprosy_bacillus cause of leprosy.
micrococcus genus_micrococcus type genus of the family Micrococcaceae.
staphylococcus staphylococci staph spherical Gram-positive parasitic bacteria that tend to form irregular colonies; some cause boils or septicemia or infections.
genus_lactobacillus type genus of the family Lactobacillaceae.
lactobacillus_acidophilus acidophilus a bacterium that is used to make yogurt and to supplement probiotics.
pneumococcus diplococcus_pneumoniae bacterium causing pneumonia in mice and humans.
genus_treponema type genus of Treponemataceae: anaerobic spirochetes with an undulating rigid body; parasitic in warm-blooded animals.
leptospira important pathogens causing Weil's disease or canicola fever.
microbe germ bug a minute life form (especially a disease-causing bacterium); the term is not in technical use.
parasite an animal or plant that lives in or on a host (another animal or plant); it obtains nourishment from the host without benefiting or killing the host.
host an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
genus_endamoeba endamoeba the type genus of the family Endamoebidae.
testacea order_testacea testacean rhizopods.
testacean any of various rhizopods of the order Testacea characterized by having a shell.
genus_arcella type genus of the Arcellidae.
arcella an amoeba-like protozoan with a chitinous shell resembling an umbrella.
algae alga primitive chlorophyll-containing mainly aquatic eukaryotic organisms lacking true stems and roots and leaves.
arame an edible seaweed with a mild flavor.
wrack dried seaweed especially that cast ashore.
heterokontae class_heterokontae class_chrysophyceae chrysophyceae all the yellow-green algae having flagella of unequal length.
tribonema genus_tribonema genus_conferva type genus of Tribonemaceae.
confervoid_algae algae resembling confervae especially in having branching filaments.
tang sea_tang any of various coarse seaweeds.
fucoid_algae fucoid any of various algae of the family Fucaceae.
rockweed coarse brown seaweed growing on rocks exposed at low tide.
genus_fucus type genus of the family Fucaceae: cartilaginous brown algae.
tang serrated_wrack fucus_serratus brown algae seaweed with serrated edges.
zygnema genus_zygnema type genus of the family Zygnemataceae.
prokaryote procaryote a unicellular organism having cells lacking membrane-bound nuclei; bacteria are the prime example but also included are blue-green algae and actinomycetes and mycoplasma.
zoomastigote zooflagellate flagellate protozoan lacking photosynthesis and other plant-like characteristics.
polymastigina order_polymastigina small usually parasitic flagellates.
plasmodiidae family_plasmodiidae malaria parasites.
genus_plasmodium type genus of the family Plasmodiidae.
haemoproteidae family_haemoproteidae bird parasites.
haemoproteus genus_haemoproteus type genus of the family Haemoproteidae.
genus_piroplasma genus_babesia type genus of the family Babesiidae.
piroplasm minute parasite of red blood cells of mammals transmitted by a tick and causing diseases of domestic animals.
haplosporidian parasite in invertebrates and lower vertebrates of no known economic importance.
subclass_cnidosporidia cnidosporidia single-host parasites of lower vertebrates and invertebrates.
leather_carp scaleless domestic carp.
ictiobus_niger black_buffalo fish of the lower Mississippi.
genus_fistularia fistularia type genus of the family Fistulariidae.
genus_gasterosteus gasterosteus type genus of the family Gasterosteidae.
syngnathus genus_syngnathus type genus of the family Syngnathidae.
blastomere any cell resulting from cleavage of a fertilized egg.
teras monster (medicine) a grossly malformed and usually nonviable fetus.
silkworm_seed eggs of a silkworm.
cephalochordate fish-like animals having a notochord rather than a true spinal column.
superclass_agnatha agnatha superclass of eel-shaped chordates lacking jaws and pelvic fins: lampreys; hagfishes; some extinct forms.
jawless_vertebrate jawless_fish agnathan eel-shaped vertebrate without jaws or paired appendages including the cyclostomes and some extinct forms.
ostracodermi order_ostracodermi extinct group of armored jawless vertebrates; taxonomy is not clear.
suborder_heterostraci heterostraci extinct group of armored jawless fishes or fish-like vertebrate; taxonomy is not clear.
osteostracan cephalaspid extinct jawless fish of the Devonian with armored head.
order_anaspida anaspida extinct order of jawless vertebrates.
petromyzon genus_petromyzon typical lampreys.
myxine_glutinosa typical hagfish.
genus_chimaera type genus of the Chimaeridae.
selachian elasmobranch any of numerous fishes of the class Chondrichthyes characterized by a cartilaginous skeleton and placoid scales: sharks; rays; skates.
longfin_mako isurus_paucus similar to shortfin mako but darker blue.
genus_carcharhinus carcharhinus type genus of the Carcharhinidae.
genus_galeocerdo galeocerdo tiger sharks.
triakidae family_triakidae small sharks with smooth skins and lacking spines on their dorsal fins.
sphyrna genus_sphyrna type genus of the Sphyrnidae.
sphyrna_zygaena smooth_hammerhead fished for the hides and vitamin-rich liver.
sphyrna_tudes smalleye_hammerhead fished for the hide and vitamin-rich liver.
pristis genus_pristis type genus of the Pristidae.
genus_dasyatis dasyatis type genus of the Dasyatidae.
mobulidae family_mobulidae large rays lacking venomous spines: mantas.
mobula genus_mobula type genus of the Mobulidae.
bird warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs modified as wings.
bird_family a family of warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs modified as wings.
order_aepyorniformes aepyorniformes huge extinct flightless birds: elephant birds.
moa extinct flightless bird of New Zealand.
meliphagidae family_meliphagidae honey eaters.
zonotrichia_leucophrys white-crowned_sparrow finch with black-and-white striped crown.
passer genus_passer type genus of the Passeridae.
family_eurylaimidae eurylaimidae coextensive with the suborder Eurylaimi.
rupicola genus_rupicola cock of the rocks.
genus_formicarius formicarius type genus of the Formicariidae.
muscicapa genus_muscicapa type genus of the Muscicapidae.
turdus genus_turdus type genus of the Turdidae.
warbler a small active songbird.
kinglet small birds resembling warblers but having some of the habits of titmice.
paradisaeidae family_paradisaeidae birds of paradise.
oriolus genus_oriolus type genus of the Oriolidae.
crow black birds having a raucous call.
australian_magpie black-and-white oscine birds that resemble magpies.
troglodytes genus_troglodytes type genus of the Troglodytidae.
genus_certhia certhia type genus of the Certhiidae.
sitta genus_sitta type genus of the Sittidae.
parus genus_parus type genus of the family Paridae.
wren-tit chamaea_fasciata small brown bird of California resembling a wren.
genus_vireo type genus of the Vireonidae.
cedarbird cedar_waxwing bombycilla_cedrorun widely distributed over temperate North America.
raptorial_bird raptor bird_of_prey any of numerous carnivorous birds that hunt and kill other animals.
swallow-tailed_kite swallow-tailed_hawk elanoides_forficatus graceful North American black-and-white kite.
ringtail an immature golden eagle.
strix genus_strix owls lacking ear tufts.
genus_cryptobranchus cryptobranchus type genus of the Cryptobranchidae.
proteidae family_proteidae mud puppies.
proteus genus_proteus type genus of the Proteidae.
genus_dicamptodon type genus of the Dicamptodontidae.
plethodon genus_plethodon type genus of the Plethodontidae.
genus_eleutherodactylus eleutherodactylus completely terrestrial robber frogs.
anapsid_reptile anapsid primitive reptile having no opening in the temporal region of the skull; all extinct except turtles.
kinosternidae family_kinosternidae mud turtles; musk turtles.
kinosternon genus_kinosternon type genus of the Kinosternidae.
trionychidae family_trionychidae soft-shelled turtles.
soft-shelled_turtle pancake_turtle voracious aquatic turtle with a flat flexible shell covered by a leathery skin; can inflict painful bites.
trionyx genus_trionyx type genus of the Trionychidae.
genus_amphisbaenia genus_amphisbaena amphisbaenia amphisbaena type genus of the Amphisbaenidae.
family_anguidae anguidae alligator lizards.
gerrhonotus genus_gerrhonotus alligator lizards.
genus_anguis anguis type genus of the Anguidae: blindworms.
heloderma_suspectum gila_monster large orange and black lizard of southwestern United States; not dangerous unless molested.
genus_chamaeleon genus_chamaeleo chamaeleo type genus of the Chamaeleontidae.
varanus genus_varanus type and sole extant genus of the Varanidae.
varanus_niloticus african_monitor destroys crocodile eggs.
crocodilian_reptile crocodilian extant archosaurian reptile.
genus_crocodylus genus_crocodilus crocodylus crocodilus type genus of the Crocodylidae.
nile_crocodile crocodylus_niloticus african_crocodile a dangerous crocodile widely distributed in Africa.
ornithischia order_ornithischia extinct terrestrial reptiles having bird-like pelvises: armored dinosaurs (thyreophorans); boneheaded and horned dinosaurs (marginocephalians); duck-billed dinosaurs (euronithopods).
struthiomimus small light-boned toothless dinosaur resembling an ostrich in size and proportions.
pterodactyl extinct flying reptile.
suborder_nothosauria nothosauria a suborder of Sauropterygia.
snake serpent ophidian limbless scaly elongate reptile; some are venomous.
pilot_blacksnake mountain_blacksnake elaphe_obsoleta blacksnake black_rat_snake large harmless shiny black North American snake.
water_snake any of various mostly harmless snakes that live in or near water.
viperine_grass_snake natrix_maura a small harmless grass snake.
storeria_occipitamaculata red-bellied_snake harmless woodland snake of southeastern United States.
elapid_snake elapid any of numerous venomous fanged snakes of warmer parts of both hemispheres.
old_world_coral_snake coral_snake any of various venomous elapid snakes of Asia and Africa and Australia.
rhynchoelaps genus_rhynchoelaps Australian coral snakes.
rhynchoelaps_australis australian_coral_snake small venomous but harmless snake marked with black-and-white on red.
denisonia_superba copperhead venomous but sluggish reddish-brown snake of Australia.
death_adder acanthophis_antarcticus venomous Australian snake resembling an adder.
notechis genus_notechis tiger snakes.
pseudechis genus_pseudechis venomous Australian blacksnakes.
genus_bungarus bungarus kraits.
krait brightly colored venomous but nonaggressive snake of southeastern Asia and Malay peninsula.
bungarus_fasciatus banded_krait banded_adder sluggish krait banded with black and yellow.
taipan oxyuranus_scutellatus large highly venomous snake of northeastern Australia.
viper venomous Old World snakes characterized by hollow venom-conducting fangs in the upper jaw.
vipera genus_vipera type genus of the Viperidae.
gaboon_viper bitis_gabonica large heavy-bodied brilliantly marked and extremely venomous west African viper.
western_diamondback_rattlesnake western_diamondback crotalus_atrox largest and most dangerous North American snake; of southwestern United States and Mexico.
mojave_rattlesnake crotalus_scutulatus extremely dangerous; most common in areas of scattered scrubby growth; from Mojave Desert to western Texas and into Mexico.
beak beaklike mouth of animals other than birds (e.g., turtles).
arachnoid arachnid air-breathing arthropods characterized by simple eyes and four pairs of legs.
scorpion arachnid of warm dry regions having a long segmented tail ending in a venomous stinger.
pseudoscorpionida pseudoscorpiones order_pseudoscorpionida order_pseudoscorpiones order_chelonethida chelonethida false scorpions.
pseudoscorpion false_scorpion small nonvenomous arachnid resembling a tailless scorpion.
genus_chelifer chelifer a genus of Chelonethida.
latrodectus genus_latrodectus venomous spiders.
tarantula large hairy tropical spider with fangs that can inflict painful but not highly venomous bites.
lycosa genus_lycosa type genus of the family Lycosidae.
ixodes genus_ixodes type genus of the family Ixodidae.
trombicula genus_trombicula type genus of the family Trombiculidae.
redbug jigger harvest_mite chigger larval mite that sucks the blood of vertebrates including human beings causing intense irritation.
sarcoptid itch_mite whitish mites that attack the skin of humans and other animals; "itch mites cause scabies".
meleagris genus_meleagris type genus of the Meleagrididae: wild and domestic turkeys.
genus_centrocercus centrocercus sage grouse.
tympanuchus_cupido_cupido heath_hen extinct prairie chicken.
maleo macrocephalon_maleo Celebes megapode that lays eggs in holes in sandy beaches.
raphidae family_raphidae extinct dodos and solitaires.
raphus genus_raphus type genus of the Raphidae: dodos.
zenaidura_macroura mourning_dove wild dove of the United States having a mournful call.
squab an unfledged pigeon.
pterocles genus_pterocles type genus of the Pteroclididae.
popinjay an archaic term for a parrot.
musophaga genus_musophaga type genus of the Musophagidae.
momotus genus_momotus type genus of the Momotidae.
todus genus_todus type genus of the Todidae.
genus_apus apus type genus.
genus_caprimulgus caprimulgus type genus of the Caprimulgidae.
picus genus_picus type genus of Picidae.
trogoniformes order_trogoniformes trogons.
genus_trogon type genus of the Trogonidae.
order_anseriformes anseriformes ducks; geese; swans; screamers.
drake adult male of a wild or domestic duck.
wild_duck an undomesticated duck (especially a mallard).
genus_anser anser typical geese.
genus_branta branta wild geese.
tundra_swan cygnus_columbianus swan that nests in tundra regions of the New and Old Worlds.
genus_chauna chauna crested screamers.
mammalia class_mammalia warm-blooded vertebrates characterized by mammary glands in the female.
subclass_metatheria metatheria pouched animals.
macropus_agiles common_wallaby a small wallaby having a height of 30 inches.
eastern_dasyure dasyurus_quoll a variety of dasyure.
sarcophilus genus_sarcophilus Tasmanian devil.
order_insectivora insectivora shrews; moles; hedgehogs; tenrecs.
chine backbone of an animal.
underpart a part lying on the lower side or underneath an animal's body; "the warbler has a white throat and underparts"; "a woodland mouse with white underparts".
armour armor tough more-or-less rigid protective covering of an animal or plant.
lorica a hard protective sheath (as secreted by certain protoctists, for example).
invertebrate any animal lacking a backbone or notochord; the term is not used as a scientific classification.
ctenophore comb_jelly biradially symmetrical hermaphroditic solitary marine animals resembling jellyfishes having for locomotion eight rows of cilia arranged like teeth in a comb.
nuda class_nuda ctenophores lacking tentacles; comprises one genus: beroe.
spiny-headed_worm acanthocephalan any of various worms living parasitically in intestines of vertebrates having a retractile proboscis covered with many hooked spines.
tylenchus genus_tylenchus type genus of the family Tylenchidae.
archiannelid small primitive marine worm lacking external segmentation and resembling polychaete larvae.
hirudo genus_hirudo type genus of the family Hirudinidae.
garden_snail any of several inedible snails of the genus Helix; often destructive pests.
neritina ornately marked and brightly colored snails of brackish waters.
limpet any of various usually marine gastropods with low conical shells; found clinging to rocks in littoral areas.
river_limpet freshwater_limpet ancylus_fluviatilis minute conical gastropod superficially resembling a limpet but living and feeding on freshwater plants.
tethys genus_tethus genus_aplysia aplysia type genus of the family Aplysiidae.
family_akeridae akeridae bubble shells.
solenogaster aplacophoran deep-water wormlike mollusks lacking calcareous plates on the body but having fine slimy spicules on the covering mantle.
sea_cradle polyplacophore coat-of-mail_shell chiton primitive elongated bilaterally symmetrical marine mollusk having a mantle covered with eight calcareous plates.
ostrea genus_ostrea type genus of the family Ostreidae.
family_arcidae arcidae ark shells.
genus_nautilus type genus and sole recent representative of the family Nautilidae.
octopod a cephalopod with eight arms but lacking an internal shell.
genus_argonauta argonauta type genus of the family Argonautidae: paper nautilus.
sepia genus_sepia type genus of the Sepiidae.
genus_spirula genus of small cephalopods with many-chambered spiral shells resembling those of the extinct belemnites.
family_belemnitidae belemnitidae family of extinct Mesozoic cephalopods.
brachyuran typical crabs.
hard-shell_crab edible crab that has not recently molted and so has a hard shell.
soft-shelled_crab soft-shell_crab edible crab that has recently molted and not yet formed its new shell.
portunus genus_portunus type genus of the family Portunidae.
lithodidae family_lithodidae deep-sea crabs of cold waters.
palinurus genus_palinurus type genus of the family Palinuridae.
mysis genus_mysis type genus of the family Mysidae.
genus_squilla type genus of the family Squillidae.
family_armadillidiidae armadillidiidae pill bugs.
genus_armadillidium armadillidium type genus of the Armadillidiidae.
oniscus genus_oniscus type genus of the Oniscidae; woodlice that cannot roll into a ball.
porcellionidae family_porcellionidae sow bugs.
subclass_entomostraca entomostraca in some older classifications includes the Branchiopoda and Copepoda and Ostracoda and Cirripedia; no longer in technical use.
order_anostraca anostraca small aquatic crustaceans lacking a carapace: fairy shrimps; brine shrimps.
copepod_crustacean copepod minute marine or freshwater crustaceans usually having six pairs of limbs on the thorax; some abundant in plankton and others parasitic on fish.
genus_balanus balanus type genus of the family Balanidae.
family_ciconiidae ciconiidae storks.
threskiornis genus_threskiornis type genus of the Threskiornithidae.
platalea genus_platalea type genus of the Plataleidae.
night_raven night_heron nocturnal or crepuscular herons.
gruidae family_gruidae cranes.
wood_hen weka maori_hen flightless New Zealand rail of thievish disposition having short wings each with a spur used in fighting.
porzana genus_porzana spotted crakes.
takahe notornis_mantelli notornis flightless New Zealand birds similar to gallinules.
turnicidae family_turnicidae small Old World birds resembling but not related to true quail.
turnix genus_turnix type genus of the Turnicidae: button quail.
turnix_sylvatica striped_button_quail a variety of button quail having stripes.
uria genus_uria murres.
uria_lomvia thick-billed_murre a variety of murre.
spheniscidae family_spheniscidae comprising all existing penguins.
sphenisciform_seabird flightless cold-water seabirds: penguins.
spheniscus genus_spheniscus type genus of the Spheniscidae: jackass penguins.
hydrobatidae family_hydrobatidae storm petrels.
hydrobates genus_hydrobates type genus of the Hydrobatidae.
genus_delphinus delphinus type genus of the Delphinidae.
otaria genus_otaria type genus of the Otariidae.
mutt mongrel cur an inferior dog or one of mixed breed.
sausage_hound sausage_dog informal term.
border_terrier small rough-coated terrier of British origin.
airedale_terrier airedale breed of large wiry-coated terrier bred in Yorkshire.
liver-spotted_dalmatian a brown-spotted dalmatian.
alley_cat a homeless cat.
tomcat tom male cat.
nimravus genus_nimravus false sabertoothed tigers.
genus_euarctos euarctos American black bears; in some classifications not a separate genus from Ursus.
selenarctos genus_selenarctos Asiatic black bears; in some classifications not a separate genus from Ursus.
thalarctos genus_thalarctos polar bears; in some classifications not a separate genus from Ursus.
melursus genus_melursus sloth bears; in some classifications not a separate genus from Ursus.
ursus_ursinus sloth_bear melursus_ursinus common coarse-haired long-snouted bear of south-central Asia.
biped an animal with two feet.
gallfly any of various insects that deposit their eggs in plants causing galls in which the larvae feed.
order_coleoptera coleoptera beetles.
family_cicindelidae cicindelidae tiger beetles.
tiger_beetle active usually bright-colored beetle that preys on other insects.
family_carabidae carabidae ground beetles.
ground_beetle carabid_beetle predacious shining black or metallic terrestrial beetle that destroys many injurious insects.
family_cleridae cleridae beetles that prey on other insects.
tumblebug any of various dung beetles.
genus_anthonomus anthonomus weevils destructive of cultivated plants.
boll_weevil anthonomus_grandis greyish weevil that lays its eggs in cotton bolls destroying the cotton.
meloid blister_beetle beetle that produces a secretion that blisters the skin.
scolytus_multistriatus dutch-elm_beetle a vector of the fungus causing Dutch elm disease.
genus_bruchus bruchus type genus of the Bruchidae.
order_anoplura anoplura sucking lice.
pediculus genus_pediculus type genus of Pediculidae: true lice infecting humans.
phthiriidae family_phthiriidae crab lice.
phthirus phthirius genus_phthirus genus_phthirius true lice: crab lice.
order_mallophaga mallophaga biting lice.
pulex genus_pulex type genus of the Pulicidae.
gallfly gall_midge gall_gnat fragile mosquito-like flies that produce galls on plants.
mayetiola_destructor hessian_fly small fly whose larvae damage wheat and other grains.
muscidae family_muscidae two-winged flies especially the housefly.
lucilia genus_lucilia greenbottle flies.
sarcophaga genus_sarcophaga flesh flies.
tachinidae family_tachinidae parasites on other insects.
genus_cuterebra cuterebra type genus of the Cuterebridae.
oestridae hypodermatidae family_oestridae family_hypodermatidae warble flies.
oestrus genus_oestrus type genus of the Oestridae: sheep botflies.
family_bombyliidae bombyliidae bee flies.
family_asilidae asilidae robber flies.
mediterranean_fruit_fly medfly ceratitis_capitata small black-and-white fly that damages citrus and other fruits by implanting eggs that hatch inside the fruit.
hippobosca genus_hippobosca type genus of the Hippoboscidae.
suborder_nematocera nematocera mosquitoes; fungus gnats; crane flies; gnats; sand flies.
genus_anopheles anopheles malaria mosquitoes; distinguished by the adult's head-downward stance and absence of breathing tubes in the larvae.
anopheline any mosquito of the genus Anopheles.
family_ceratopogonidae ceratopogonidae biting midges; sand flies.
genus_ceratopogon ceratopogon type genus of the Ceratopogonidae.
genus_chironomus chironomus type genus of the Chironomidae.
mycetophilidae family_mycetophylidae fungus gnats.
sciaridae family_sciaridae fungus gnats.
genus_sciara type genus of the Sciaridae: fungus gnat.
sciarid sciara fungus_gnat minute blackish gregarious flies destructive to mushrooms and seedlings.
tipulidae family_tipulidae crane flies.
german_bee black_bee dark-colored ill-tempered honeybee supposedly of German origin.
humblebee bumblebee robust hairy social bee of temperate regions.
vespa genus_vespa type genus of the Vespidae: various hornets and yellow jackets.