hornet large stinging paper wasp.
yellow_jacket yellow_hornet vespula_maculifrons small yellow-marked social wasp commonly nesting in the ground.
genus_eumenes eumenes mason wasps.
mason_wasp any of various solitary wasps that construct nests of hardened mud for their young.
potter_wasp any of various solitary wasps that construct vase-shaped cells of mud for their eggs.
sphecoid_wasp sphecoid any of various solitary wasps.
sphecidae family_sphecidae mud daubers; some digger wasps.
sceliphron genus_sceliphron mud daubers.
mason_wasp solitary wasp that constructs nests of hardened mud or clay for the young.
gallfly gall_wasp cynipid_wasp cynipid_gall_wasp small solitary wasp that produces galls on oaks and other plants.
genus_amphibolips amphibolips cynipid gall wasps, especially causing oak-apple galls.
family_chalcididae family_chalcidae chalcididae chalcidae an arthropod family including: chalcidflies.
chalcidfly chalcid_wasp chalcid_fly chalcid any of various tiny insects whose larvae are parasites on eggs and larvae of other insects; many are beneficial in destroying injurious insects.
strawworm jointworm larva of chalcid flies injurious to the straw of wheat and other grains.
genus_chalcis chalcis type genus of the Chalcididae.
chalcis_fly a variety of chalcid fly.
ichneumonidae family_ichneumonidae ichneumon flies.
ichneumon_fly hymenopterous insect that resembles a wasp and whose larvae are parasitic on caterpillars and other insect larvae.
solenopsis genus_solenopsis fire ants.
fire_ant omnivorous ant of tropical and subtropical America that can inflict a painful sting.
termes genus_termes type genus of the Termitidae.
reticulitermes_flanipes destructive United States termite.
reticulitermes_lucifugus destructive European termite.
powder-post_termite cryptotermes_brevis extremely destructive dry-wood termite of warm regions.
subclass_exopterygota hemimetabola exopterygota subclass of insects characterized by gradual and usually incomplete metamorphosis.
tingidae family_tingidae lace bugs.
lygaeidae family_lygaeidae lygaeid bugs.
genus_blissus blissus chinch bugs.
family_coreidae coreidae squash bugs and leaf-footed bugs.
genus_anasa anasa squash bugs.
notonecta_undulata backswimmer predaceous aquatic insect that swims on its back and may inflict painful bites.
suborder_heteroptera heteroptera true bugs.
true_bug any of various insects of the order Hemiptera and especially of the suborder Heteroptera.
heteropterous_insect true bugs: insects whose forewings are membranous but have leathery tips.
reduviidae family_reduviidae assassin bugs.
firebug a true bug: brightly colored bug that can exude a stain.
genus_dactylopius dactylopius type genus of the Dactylopiidae.
pseudococcus genus_pseudococcus type genus of the Pseudococcidae.
pseudococcus_fragilis citrophilus_mealybug citrophilous_mealybug destructive especially to citrus.
green_peach_aphid yellowish green aphid that is especially destructive to peaches.
balsam_woolly_aphid adelges_piceae a variety of adelgid.
spruce_gall_aphid adelges_abietis a variety of adelgid.
pineus_pinifoliae pine_leaf_aphid a variety of adelgid.
phylloxera_vitifoleae grape_phylloxera grape_louse destructive to various grape plants.
tibicen genus_tibicen harvest flies.
magicicada genus_magicicada seventeen-year locust.
seventeen-year_locust periodical_cicada magicicada_septendecim North American cicada; appears in great numbers at infrequent intervals because the nymphs take 13 to 17 years to mature.
philaenus_spumarius meadow_spittlebug North American insect that severely damages grasses.
jassidae family_jassidae family of small leafhoppers coextensive with the Cicadellidae and not distinguished from it in some classifications.
psocopterous_insect small soft-bodied insect with chewing mouthparts and either no wings or two pairs.
family_atropidae atropidae booklice.
liposcelis_divinatorius deathwatch booklouse book_louse minute wingless psocopterous insects injurious to books and papers.
trogium_pulsatorium common_booklouse a variety of booklouse.
family_chrysopidae chrysopidae green lacewings.
stink_fly green_lacewing chrysopid pale green unpleasant-smelling lacewing fly having carnivorous larvae.
goldeneye golden-eyed_fly a variety of green lacewing.
thysanuron thysanuran_insect primitive wingless insects: bristletail.
thysanoptera order_thysanoptera thrips.
thripidae family_thripidae thrips.
genus_frankliniella frankliniella tobacco thrips.
tobacco_thrips frankliniella_fusca injurious to growing tobacco and peanuts.
genus_thrips type genus of the Thripidae.
forficulidae family_forficulidae typical earwigs.
genus_forficula forficula type genus of Forficulidae.
forficula_auricularia common_european_earwig sometimes destructive to cultivated bulbs.
danaid_butterfly danaid large tropical butterfly with degenerate forelegs and an unpleasant taste.
pieris genus_pieris type genus of the Pieridae.
paleacrita_vernata moth whose larvae are spring cankerworms.
pyrausta genus_pyrausta moths whose larvae are corn borers.
tineoid_moth tineoid small dull-colored moth with chewing mouthparts.
trichophaga genus_trichophaga carpet moths.
trichophaga_tapetzella tapestry_moth carpet_moth larvae feed on carpets and other woolens.
owlet_moth noctuid_moth noctuid usually dull-colored medium-sized nocturnal moth; the usually smooth-bodied larvae are destructive agricultural pests.
genus_catacala catacala moths whose larvae are cutworms: underwings.
pseudaletia genus_pseudaletia moths whose larvae are armyworms.
pseudaletia_unipuncta armyworm moth whose destructive larvae travel in multitudes.
pseudaletia_unipuncta armyworm army_worm noctuid moth larvae that travel in multitudes destroying especially grass and grain.
spodoptera genus_spodoptera moths whose larvae are armyworms.
spodoptera_exigua moth whose larvae are beet armyworms.
manduca_quinquemaculata moth whose larvae are tomato hornworms.
family_arctiidae arctiidae tiger moths.
tent-caterpillar_moth malacosoma_americana moth whose larvae are tent caterpillars.
loxostege_similalis moth whose larvae are garden webworms.
caterpillar a wormlike and often brightly colored and hairy or spiny larva of a butterfly or moth.
woolly_bear_caterpillar woolly_bear caterpillar of numerous moths characterized by a dense coat of woolly hairs; feed on plants and some are destructive pests.
grub a soft thick wormlike larva of certain beetles and other insects.
leatherjacket tough-skinned larva of certain crane flies.
ochotona genus_ochotona type genus of the Ochotonidae.
muridae family_muridae originally Old World rats now distributed worldwide; distinguished from the Cricetidae by typically lacking cheek pouches.
glis genus_glis type genus of the Gliridae.
sciurus genus_sciurus type genus of the Sciuridae; typical moderate-sized arboreal squirrels.
spalax genus_spalax type genus of the Spalacidae.
dinocerate an extinct ungulate.
uintathere dinoceras a variety of dinocerate.
order_hyracoidea hyracoidea hyraxes and some extinct animals.
procavia genus_procavia type genus of the Procaviidae.
family_equidae equidae horses; asses; zebras; extinct animals.
mesohippus North American three-toed Oligocene animal; probably not directly ancestral to modern horses.
remount a fresh horse especially (formerly) to replace one killed or injured in battle.
walking_horse tennessee_walking_horse tennessee_walker plantation_walking_horse a horse marked by stamina and trained to move at a fast running walk.
bronco broncho bronc an unbroken or imperfectly broken mustang.
bucking_bronco a wild horse that is vicious and difficult or impossible to break in.
wild_horse undomesticated or feral domestic horse.
pinto a spotted or calico horse or pony.
diceros_bicornis black_rhinoceros African rhino; in danger of extinction.
tapirus genus_tapirus type genus of the Tapiridae.
tayassuidae family_tayassuidae peccaries.
tayassu genus_tayassu genus_pecari type genus of the Tayassuidae.
genus_hippopotamus type genus of the Hippopotamidae.
maverick an unbranded range animal (especially a stray calf); belongs to the first person who puts a brand on it.
wild_sheep undomesticated sheep.
he-goat billy_goat billy male goat.
wild_goat undomesticated goat.
genus_gazella gazella typical gazelles.
llama wild or domesticated South American cud-chewing animal related to camels but smaller and lacking a hump.
lama genus_lama llamas.
lama_guanicoe guanaco wild llama.
polecat mustela_putorius foumart foulmart fitch dark brown mustelid of woodlands of Eurasia that gives off an unpleasant odor when threatened.
subfamily_lutrinae lutrinae subdivision not used in some classifications: otters.
subfamily_mephitinae mephitinae subdivision not used in some classifications: skunks.
mephitis genus_mephitis in some classifications: type genus of the subfamily Mephitinae.
subfamily_melinae melinae subdivision not used in some classifications: badgers.
meles genus_meles in some classifications: type genus of the subfamily Melinae.
megatheriidae family_megatheriidae extinct ground sloths.
megatheriid megatherian_mammal megatherian a large extinct ground sloth.
megatherium genus_megatherium type genus of the Megatheriidae.
mylodontidae family_mylodontidae extinct South American edentates.
mylodontid a variety of extinct edentate.
genus_tamandua lesser anteater.
manis genus_manis type genus of the Manidae.
animal_leg the leg of an animal.
silk_gland serictery sericterium silk-producing gland of insects (especially of a silkworm) or spiders.
tadpole pollywog polliwog a larval frog or toad.
genus_homo type genus of the family Hominidae.
genus_sivapithecus extinct primates; lower Pliocene.
monkey any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians).
genus_cebus cebus type genus of the Cebidae.
pithecia genus_pithecia sakis.
prosimian primitive primates having large ears and eyes and characterized by nocturnal habits.
lemuridae family_lemuridae typical lemurs; of Madagascar.
genus_lemur type genus of the Lemuridae.
genus_loris type genus of the Lorisidae.
genus_elephas elephas type genus of the family Elephantidae.
mammut genus_mastodon genus_mammut extinct type genus of the Mammutidae: mastodons.
gomphotherium genus_gomphotherium type genus of the Gomphotheriidae.
genus_ailurus ailurus lesser pandas.
latimeridae family_latimeridae extinct except for the coelacanth.
latimeria genus_latimeria type genus of the Latimeridae: coelacanth.
ceratodus extinct lungfish.
family_ariidae ariidae sea catfishes.
sea_catfish any of numerous marine fishes most of which are mouthbreeders; not used for food.
genus_arius arius type genus of the Ariidae: sea catfishes.
order_anacanthini anacanthini at least partially equivalent to the order Gadiformes in some classifications.
codfish cod major food fish of Arctic and cold-temperate waters.
mediterranean_anchovy engraulis_encrasicholus esteemed for its flavor; usually preserved or used for sauces and relishes.
salmonid soft-finned fishes of cold and temperate waters.
osmeridae family_osmeridae smelts.
osmerus genus_osmerus type genus of the Osmeridae.
lampris genus_lampris type genus of the Lampridae.
two-wing_flying_fish monoplane_flying_fish having only pectoral fins enlarged.
four-wing_flying_fish biplane_flying_fish having both pectoral and pelvic fins enlarged.
hemiramphidae family_hemiramphidae halfbeaks; marine and freshwater fishes closely related to the flying fishes but not able to glide.
perca genus_perca type genus of the Percidae.
hind any of several mostly spotted fishes that resemble groupers.
genus_caranx caranx type genus of the Carangidae.
genus_brama brama type genus of the Bramidae.
genus_chaetodon type genus of the Chaetodontidae.
genus_blennius blennius type genus of the Blenniidae.
shanny blennius_pholis European scaleless blenny.
genus_anarhichas anarhichas type genus of the Anarhichadidae.
genus_ammodytes ammodytes type genus of the Ammodytidae.
bonito any of various scombroid fishes intermediate in size and characteristics between mackerels and tunas.
skipjack_tuna skipjack euthynnus_pelamis oceanic schooling tuna of considerable value in Pacific but less in Atlantic; reaches 75 pounds; very similar to if not the same as oceanic bonito.
xiphias genus_xiphias type genus of the Xiphiidae.
luvarus genus_luvarus type genus of the Luvaridae.
genus_amia amia type genus of the Amiidae.
triga genus_triga type genus of the Triglidae.
plectognath_fish plectognath tropical marine fishes having the teeth fused into a beak and thick skin covered with bony plates or spines.
genus_diodon diodon type genus of the Diodontidae.
genus_mola type genus of the Molidae.
pleuronectes genus_pleuronectes type genus of the Pleuronectidae.
judge's_robe academic_robe academic_gown a gown worn by academics or judges.
accoutrement accouterment accessory clothing that is worn or carried, but not part of your main clothing.
ace_of_spades the ace in the spade suit; sometimes taken as a portent of death.
tylenol tempra phenaphen panadol datril anacin_iii acetaminophen an analgesic for mild pain but not for inflammation; also used as an antipyretic; (Datril, Tylenol, Panadol, Phenaphen, Tempra, and Anacin III are trademarks of brands of acetaminophen tablets).
acrylic a synthetic fabric.
zovirax acyclovir an oral antiviral drug (trade name Zovirax) used to treat genital herpes; does not cure the disease but relieves the symptoms.
adjoining_room a hotel room that shares a wall with another hotel room.
afro-wig a wig that gives the appearance of an Afro hairdo.
afterthought an addition that was not included in the original plan; "the garage was an afterthought".
strip landing_strip flight_strip airstrip an airfield without normal airport facilities.
zyloprim allopurinol a drug (trade name Zyloprim) used to treat gout and other conditions in which there is an excessive buildup of uric acid.
amobarbital a barbiturate with sedative and hypnotic effects; used to relieve insomnia and as an anticonvulsant.
ampulla a flask that has two handles; used by Romans for wines or oils.
amyl_nitrate a vasodilator that is sometimes used to treat angina pectoris.
anaglyph anything carved in low relief.
painkiller pain_pill anodyne analgesic a medicine used to relieve pain.
aneroid_barometer aneroid a barometer that measures pressure without using fluids.
antidepressant_drug antidepressant any of a class of drugs used to treat depression; often have undesirable side effects.
antidiabetic_drug antidiabetic a drug used to treat diabetes mellitus.
counterpoison antidote a remedy that stops or controls the effects of a poison.
antiemetic_drug antiemetic a drug that prevents or alleviates nausea and vomiting.
anti-inflammatory_drug anti-inflammatory a medicine intended to reduce inflammation.
antimycin a crystalline antibiotic active against various fungi.
antiprotozoal_drug antiprotozoal a medicinal drug used to fight diseases (like malaria) that are caused by protozoa.
apc a drug combination found in some over-the-counter headache remedies (aspirin and phenacetin and caffeine).
apomorphine a morphine derivative that is not as strong as morphine; used as an emetic and in small doses as a sedative.
goa_powder chrysarobin araroba a bitter yellow powder used to treat skin diseases.
arcade a covered passageway with shops and stalls on either side.
rubber gumshoe golosh galosh arctic a waterproof overshoe that protects shoes from water or snow.
theater_in_the_round arena_theater a theater arranged with seats around at least three sides of the stage.
armoured_vehicle armored_vehicle a vehicle that is protected by armor plate.
regalia raiment array especially fine or decorative clothing.
artificial_flower a handmade imitation of a blossom.
garb dress attire clothing of a distinctive style or for a particular occasion; "formal attire"; "battle dress".
augean_stables (Greek mythology) the extremely dirty stables that were finally cleaned by Hercules who diverted two rivers through them.
secondary_storage external_storage auxiliary_storage a data storage device that is not the main memory of a computer.
axe_handle ax_handle the handle of an ax.
backlighting lighting from behind.
balloon large tough nonrigid bag filled with gas or heated air.
patch bandage a piece of soft material that covers and protects an injured part of the body.
trinket novelty gewgaw gaud fallal bauble bangle cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing.
bareboat a vessel (such as a yacht) that can be chartered without a captain or crew or provisions.
mongrel bastard derogatory term for a variation that is not genuine; something irregular or inferior or of dubious origin; "the architecture was a kind of bastard suggesting Gothic but not true Gothic".
tacking basting_stitch basting baste a loose temporary sewing stitch to hold layers of fabric together.
beadwork beading ornamentation with beads.
beaker a cup (usually without a handle).
snake_pit sanatorium nuthouse nut_house madhouse loony_bin funny_house funny_farm cuckoo's_nest crazy_house booby_hatch bedlam pejorative terms for an insane asylum.
belladonna an alkaloidal extract or tincture of the poisonous belladonna plant that is used medicinally.
beret a cap with no brim or bill; made of soft cloth.
betting_shop a licensed bookmaker's shop that is not at the race track.
biohazard_suit a loose one-piece garment worn to protect the wearer against dangerous biological or chemical agents.
bitumastic a protective coating of asphalt and filter used on structural metals that are exposed to weathering.
bleachers an outdoor grandstand without a roof; patrons are exposed to the sun as linens are when they are bleached.
bolometer an instrument that measures heat radiation; extremely sensitive.
boneshaker any wheeled vehicle that is dilapidated and uncomfortable; "that old bike without rubber tires was a real boneshaker".
bootie bootee a slipper that is soft and wool (for babies).
boron_chamber an ionization chamber lined with boron or filled with boron trifluoride gas for counting low velocity neutrons.
boutonniere a flower that is worn in a buttonhole.
glove boxing_glove boxing equipment consisting of big and padded coverings for the fists of the fighters; worn for the sport of boxing.
box_spring a coiled bedspring in a frame that is covered with cloth.
orthodontic_braces braces brace an appliance that corrects dental irregularities.
brassard armor plate that protects the arm.
breakable an article that is fragile and easily broken; "pack the breakables separately".
break_seal a seal that must be broken when first used and cannot easily be resealed; "it was stored in a tube with a break seal".
bricklayer's_hammer a hammer used in laying bricks.
wedding_gown wedding_dress bridal_gown a gown worn by the bride at a wedding.
broken_arch an arch with a gap at the apex; the gap is usually filled with some decoration.
dimetane brompheniramine_maleate antihistamine (trade name Dimetane) used to treat hypersensitivity reactions (as rhinitis).
broomstick broom_handle the handle of a broom.
brougham a sedan that has no roof over the driver's seat.
buffing_wheel a wheel that is covered with soft material.
bumper a glass filled to the brim (especially as a toast); "we quaffed a bumper of ale".
bunk a rough bed (as at a campsite).
sepulture sepulchre sepulcher burial_chamber a chamber that is used as a grave.
burn_center a center where patients with severe burns can be treated.
machine_pistol burp_gun a fully automatic pistol; a small submachine gun.
burthen a variant of `burden'.
jalopy heap bus a car that is old and unreliable; "the fenders had fallen off that old bus".
pipe_of_peace peace_pipe calumet a highly decorated ceremonial pipe of Amerindians; smoked on ceremonial occasions (especially as a token of peace).
cameo engraving or carving in low relief on a stone (as in a brooch or ring).
campstool a folding stool.
cant_hook a peavey having a hook instead of a spike; used for handling logs.
captopril capoten a drug (trade name Capoten) that blocks the formation of angiotensin in the kidneys resulting in vasodilation; used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.
carbine light automatic rifle.
carron_oil an ointment formerly used to treat burns.
carvedilol beta blocker that can reduce the progression of heart failure in individuals whose disease is not advanced.
casquetel casquet a light open casque without a visor or beaver.
cat_box a receptacle for cat excrement.
cefoperazone cefobid a parenteral cephalosporin (trade name Cefobid) used for severe infections.
claforan cefotaxime a parenteral cephalosporin (trade name Claforan) used for severe infections of the lungs or throat or ears or urinary tract.
tazicef fortaz ceftazidime a parenteral cephalosporin (trade names Fortaz and Tazicef) used to treat moderate infections.
rocephin ceftriaxone a parenteral cephalosporin (trade name Rocephin) used for severe infection of the lungs or throat or ears or urinary tract.
celecoxib celebrex a Cox-2 inhibitor (trade name Celebrex) that relieves pain and inflammation without harming the digestive tract.
keftab keflin keflex cephalexin an oral cephalosporin (trade names Keflex and Keflin and Keftab) commonly prescribe for mild to moderately severe infections of the skin or ears or throat or lungs or urinary tract.
kafocin cephaloglycin antibiotic related to cephalosporin but no longer in common use.
tshatshke tsatske tchotchke chachka (Yiddish) an inexpensive showy trinket.
chamber a natural or artificial enclosed space.
shift0 sack chemise a loose-fitting dress hanging straight from the shoulders without a waist.
chisholm_trail a former cattle trail from San Antonio in Texas to Abilene in Kansas; not used after the 1880s.
chloroquine an antimalarial drug used to treat malaria and amebic dysentery and systemic lupus erythematosus.
clearway a road on which you are not allowed to stop (unless you have a breakdown).
roman_collar dog_collar clerical_collar a stiff white collar with no opening in the front; a distinctive symbol of the clergy.
cloak a loose outer garment.
cloche a low transparent cover put over young plants to protect them from cold.
clock_pendulum a physical pendulum used to regulate a clockwork mechanism.
closed-circuit_television a television system that is not used for broadcasting but is connected by cables to designated monitors (as in a factory or theater).
voider laundry_basket clothes_hamper clothes_basket a hamper that holds dirty clothes to be washed or wet clothes to be dried.
clozaril clozapine an antipsychotic drug (trade name Clozaril) used as a sedative and for treatment-resistant schizophrenia; know to have few side effects.
codeine derivative of opium; used as an antitussive (to relieve coughing) and an analgesic (to relieve pain).
coffee_table cocktail_table low table where magazines can be placed and coffee or cocktails are served.
cold_frame protective covering consisting of a wooden frame with a glass top in which small plants are protected from the cold.
cold_medicine medicine intended to relieve the symptoms of the common cold.
cold-water_flat an apartment without modern conveniences.
shoe_collar collar the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
concert_hall a hall where concerts are given.
tank cooler a cell for violent prisoners.
restorative corrective a device for treating injury or disease.
costume unusual or period attire not characteristic of or appropriate to the time and place; "in spite of the heat he insisted on his woolen costume".
counterirritant a medicine applied locally to produce superficial inflammation in order to reduce deeper inflammation.
coverall a loose-fitting protective garment that is worn over other clothing.
cowl a loose hood or hooded robe (as worn by a monk).
crazy_quilt a patchwork quilt without a design.
crinoline a full stiff petticoat made of crinoline fabric.
crock_pot an electric cooker that maintains a relatively low temperature.
crossbench any of the seats in the House of Commons used by members who do not vote regularly with either the government or the Opposition.
jacket_crown jacket crownwork crown1 cap (dentistry) dental appliance consisting of an artificial crown for a broken or decayed tooth; "tomorrow my dentist will fit me for a crown".
cruise_ship cruise_liner a passenger ship used commercially for pleasure cruises.
cryometer a thermometer designed to measure low temperatures.
cryostat a thermostat that operates at very low temperatures.
watch_glass watch_crystal crystal a protective cover that protects the face of a watch.
cubitiere body armor that protects the elbow.
cuisse armor plate that protects the thigh.
cummerbund a broad pleated sash worn as formal dress with a tuxedo.
curb_market a stock market for trading in securities not listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
cut_glass glass decorated by cutting or grinding facets.
cutty_stool a low stool; formerly in Scotland, a seat in a church where an offender was publicly rebuked.
flexeril cyclobenzaprine muscle relaxant (trade name Flexeril) used for muscle spasms or acute injury.
cyclopean_masonry a primitive style of masonry characterized by use of massive stones of irregular shape and size.
cycloserine an antibiotic that is especially active against the tubercle bacillus.
periactin cyproheptadine an antihistamine (trade name Periactin) used to treat some allergic reactions.
dead_axle an axle that carries a wheel but without power to drive it.
delta_wing an airplane with wings that give it the appearance of an isosceles triangle.
demulcent a medication (in the form of an oil or salve etc.) that soothes inflamed or injured skin.
plate5 denture dental_plate a dental appliance that artificially replaces missing teeth.
diamante fabric covered with glittering ornaments such as sequins or rhinestones.
hyperstat diazoxide vasodilator (trade name Hyperstat) used to treat severe hypertension.
zalcitabine dideoxycytosine ddc an antiviral drug used to combat HIV infection.
dideoxyinosine didanosine ddi an antiviral drug used to combat HIV infection.
diclofenac_potassium cataflam a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Cataflam).
dynapen dicloxacillin antibacterial (trade name Dynapen) used to treat staphylococcal infections that are resistant to penicillin.
dolobid diflunisal nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (trade name Dolobid) used to treat arthritis and other inflammatory conditions.
diltiazem cardizem a calcium blocker (trade name Cardizem) used in treating hypertension or angina or heart failure.
phenytoin diphenylhydantoin dilantin an anticonvulsant drug (trade name Dilantin) used to treat epilepsy and that is not a sedative.
dirndl a dress with a tight bodice and full skirt.
dirndl a full skirt with a gathered waistband.
dirt_track a racetrack that is not paved.
dishwashing_liquid dishwashing_detergent dishwasher_detergent a low-sudsing detergent designed for use in dishwashers.
dover's_powder a medicinal powder made essentially of ipecac and opium; formerly used to relieve pain and induce perspiration.
dragee pill that is a sugar-coated medicated candy.
dray camion a low heavy horse cart without sides; used for haulage.
radio-controlled_aircraft pilotless_aircraft drone an aircraft without a pilot that is operated by remote control.
highly_active_antiretroviral_therapy haart drug_cocktail a combination of protease inhibitors taken with reverse transcriptase inhibitors; used in treating AIDS and HIV.
gravity_bomb dumb_bomb a bomb that falls because of gravity and is not guided to a target.
duplication duplicate a copy that corresponds to an original exactly; "he made a duplicate for the files".
vacuum_bag dust_bag a bag into which dirt is sucked by a vacuum cleaner.
dust_sheet dust_cover a large piece of cloth used to cover furniture that is not in use for a long period.
overstuffed_chair lounge_chair easy_chair a comfortable upholstered armchair.
eggwhisk eggbeater a mixer for beating eggs or whipping cream.
eiderdown duvet continental_quilt a soft quilt usually filled with the down of the eider.
electrometer meter to measure electrostatic voltage differences; draws no current from the source.
electronic_voltmeter a voltmeter whose sensitivity is increased by amplification.
vomitive vomit nauseant emetic a medicine that induces nausea and vomiting.
ethacrynic_acid edecrin diuretic (trade name Edecrin) used to treat edema.
placidyl ethchlorvynol a mild sedative-hypnotic drug (trade name Placidyl).
lodine etodolac a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Lodine).
eton_collar broad white collar worn over the lapels of a jacket.
euphoriant a psychoactive drug that tends to produce elation and euphoria.
explosive_compound a compound that is explosive.
explosive_mixture a mixture that is explosive.
facing cladding a protective covering that protects the outside of a building.
faience glazed earthenware decorated with opaque colors.
sham postiche fake something that is a counterfeit; not what it seems to be.
fallboard fall-board the hinged protective covering that protects the keyboard of a piano when it is not being played.
pepcid famotidine a histamine blocker (trade name Pepcid) used to treat peptic ulcers and gastritis and esophageal reflux.
fender a low metal guard to confine falling coals to a hearth.
nalfon fenoprofen_calcium fenoprofen a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Nalfon) used in the treatment of arthritis and other painful inflammatory disorders.
filet lace having a square mesh.
fillagree filigree filagree delicate and intricate ornamentation (usually in gold or silver or other fine twisted wire).
finery elaborate or showy attire and accessories.
fingerstall cot a sheath worn to protect a finger.
fireguard fire_screen a metal screen before an open fire for protection (especially against flying sparks).
fishtail_bit blade_bit a drilling bit with cutting edges usually hardened against wear.
flatcar flatbed flat freight car without permanent sides or roof.
flophouse dosshouse a cheap lodging house.
fluorescent_fixture fluorescent a lighting fixture that uses a fluorescent lamp.
fluorouracil an antimetabolite used to treat certain cancers.
sarafem prozac fluoxetine_hydrocholoride fluoxetine a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant (trade names Prozac or Sarafem); it is thought to work by increasing the activity of serotonin in the brain.
fluphenazine tranquilizer used to treat psychotic disorders.
flurazepam_hydrochloride flurazepam dalmane tranquilizer (trade name Dalmane) used to treat insomnia.
flying_boat a large seaplane that floats with its fuselage in the water rather than on pontoons.
folder covering that is folded over to protect the contents.
fore-and-aft_sail any sail not set on a yard and whose normal position is in a fore-and-aft direction.
foul-weather_gear protective garment that is intended to keep the wearer dry and warm in bad weather.
jet fountain an artificially produced flow of water.
freeboard_deck the uppermost watertight deck.
free_house a public house that is not controlled by a brewery and so is free to sell different brands of beer and ale.
free-reed a reed that does not fit closely over the aperture.
frontlet frontal an adornment worn on the forehead.
full_metal_jacket a lead bullet that is covered with a jacket of a harder metal (usually copper).
fur a garment made of the dressed hairy coat of a mammal.
trappings furnishing (usually plural) accessory wearing apparel.
lasix furosemide commonly used diuretic (trade name Lasix) used to treat hypertension and edema.
galilean_telescope a type of refracting telescope that is no longer used in astronomy.
gibbet gallows_tree gallows-tree gallous alternative terms for gallows.
gas_guzzler a car with relatively low fuel efficiency.
gateway_drug a habit-forming drug that is not addictive but its use may lead to the use of other addictive drugs; "one college athlete recently called beer a gateway drug for young people".
lopid gemfibrozil medication (trade name Lopid) used to lower the levels of triglyceride in the blood.
gillie ghillie a shoe without a tongue and with decorative lacing up the instep.
goggles tight-fitting spectacles worn to protect the eyes.
golliwogg golliwog a grotesque black doll.
gorget armor plate that protects the neck.
gossamer a gauze fabric with an extremely fine texture.
graffito graffiti a rude decoration inscribed on rocks or walls.
granny_knot granny a reef knot crossed the wrong way and therefore insecure.
tomb grave a place for the burial of a corpse (especially beneath the ground and marked by a tombstone); "he put flowers on his mother's grave".
jambeau greave armor plate that protects legs below the knee.
grotesque art characterized by an incongruous mixture of parts of humans and animals interwoven with plants.
guimpe a short blouse with sleeves that is worn under a jumper or pinafore dress.
gyrocompass a compass that does not depend on magnetism but uses a gyroscope instead.
hair_shirt an uncomfortable shirt made of coarse animal hair; worn next to the skin as a penance.
psychodelic_drug psychedelic_drug hallucinogenic_drug hallucinogen a psychoactive drug that induces hallucinations or altered sensory experiences.
haloperidol haldol tranquilizer (trade name Haldol) used to treat some psychotic disorders and Tourette's syndrome.
hammer a striker that is covered in felt and that causes the piano strings to vibrate.
hangar_queen an airplane with a bad maintenance record.
hempen_necktie hemp hangman's_rope hangman's_halter halter a rope that is used by a hangman to execute persons who have been condemned to death by hanging.
hash_house an inexpensive restaurant.
lid hat chapeau headdress that protects the head from bad weather; has shaped crown and usually a brim.
heat_shield a protective covering that protects a spacecraft from overheating on reentry.
helmet armor plate that protects the head.
herb_garden a garden for growing herbs.
heroin diacetylmorphine a narcotic that is considered a hard drug; a highly addictive morphine derivative; intravenous injection provides the fastest and most intense rush.
hilt the handle of a sword or dagger.
hoe_handle the handle of a hoe.
holding_cell a jail in a courthouse where accused persons can be confined during a trial.
holding_yard holding_pen holding_paddock a pen where livestock is temporarily confined.
holster a sheath (usually leather) for carrying a handgun.
sanctum_sanctorum holy_of_holies (Judaism) sanctuary comprised of the innermost chamber of the Tabernacle in the temple of Solomon where the Ark of the Covenant was kept.
honkytonk dive a cheap disreputable nightclub or dance hall.
hoodoo something believed to bring bad luck.
horror something that inspires dislike; something horrible; "the painting that others found so beautiful was a horror to him".
hunting_watch hunter a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
hydroflumethiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension and edema.
hydromorphone_hydrochloride hydromorphone dilaudid a narcotic analgesic (trade name Dilaudid) used to treat moderate to severe pain.
plaquenil hydroxychloroquine anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Plaquenil) used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and malaria and lupus erythematosus.
nuprin motrin isobutylphenyl_propionic_acid ibuprofen advil a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory and analgesic medicine (trade names Advil and Motrin and Nuprin) used to relieve the pain of arthritis and as an antipyretic; "daily use of ibuprofen can irritate the stomach".
improvised_explosive_device ied i.e.d. an explosive device that is improvised.
incinerator a furnace for incinerating (especially to dispose of refuse).
indirect_lighting a concealed lighting fixture.
indomethacin indocin a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Indocin).
ink_cartridge a cartridge that contains ink and can be replaced.
instrument_of_torture an instrument of punishment designed and used to inflict torture on the condemned person.
intraocular_lens an artificial lens that is implanted into the eye of someone to replace a damaged natural lens or someone who has had a cataract removed.
second0 irregular merchandise that has imperfections; usually sold at a reduced price without the brand name.
nydrazid isoniazid inh antibacterial drug (trade name Nydrazid) used to treat tuberculosis.
isosorbide isordil drug (trade name Isordil) used to treat angina pectoris and congestive heart failure.
jewelled_headdress jeweled_headdress a headdress adorned with jewels.
juggernaut a crude idol of Krishna.
voodoo juju hoodoo fetish fetich a charm superstitiously believed to embody magical powers.
pinny pinafore jumper a sleeveless dress resembling an apron; worn over other clothing.
jumper a loose jacket or blouse worn by workmen.
junction_barrier barrier_strip a junction unit for connecting 2 cables without the need for plugs.
jury_mast a temporary mast to replace one that has broken off.
kantrex kanamycin antibiotic (trade name Kantrex) used to treat severe infections.
katharometer measures thermal conductivity.
torodal ketorolac nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (trade name Torodal) that is given only orally.
kirtle a garment resembling a tunic that was worn by men in the Middle Ages.
kitsch excessively garish or sentimental art; usually considered in bad taste.
knee-high knee-hi a sock or stocking that reaches up to just below the knees.
knee_piece armor plate that protects the knee.
knockoff clone an unauthorized copy or imitation.
krummhorn crumhorn cromorne a Renaissance woodwind with a double reed and a curving tube (crooked horn).
lace a delicate decorative fabric woven in an open web of symmetrical patterns.
lacquer a hard glossy coating.
lamivudine 3tc a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor that is very effective in combination with zidovudine in treating AIDS and HIV.
laxative a mild cathartic.
leisure_wear informal clothing designed to be worn when you are relaxing.
stinker lemon an artifact (especially an automobile) that is defective or unsatisfactory.
lenitive remedy that eases pain and discomfort.
levee an embankment that is built in order to prevent a river from overflowing.
lever a rigid bar pivoted about a fulcrum.
liniment embrocation a medicinal liquid that is rubbed into the skin to relieve muscular stiffness and pain.
lining liner a protective covering that protects an inside surface.
lock ignition_lock a restraint incorporated into the ignition switch to prevent the use of a vehicle by persons who do not have the key.
lorazepam ativan tranquilizer (trade name Ativan) used to treat anxiety and tension and insomnia.
lounger an article of clothing designed for comfort and leisure wear.
lounging_pyjama lounging_pajama pajamas worn while lounging.
loungewear clothing suitable for relaxation.
lower_berth lower the lower of two berths.
loxitane loxapine a tranquilizer (trade name Loxitane) used to treat schizophrenia.
lubber's_hole hole in a platform on a mast through which a sailor can climb without going out on the shrouds.
lymphangiogram an angiogram of the lymph nodes and lymph vessels made after the injection of a radiopaque substance.
lypressin an antidiuretic and vasoconstrictor used to treat diabetes insipidus.
macrame a relatively coarse lace; made by weaving and knotting cords.
manometer a pressure gauge for comparing pressures of a gas.
mantlet mantelet portable bulletproof shelter.
marina a fancy dock for small yachts and cabin cruisers.
mask a protective covering worn over the face.
mattress_pad a protective pad over a mattress to protect it.
mebendazole an anthelmintic used to treat hookworm and pinworm and roundworm infestations.
meclomen meclofenamate_sodium meclofenamate a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (trade name Meclomen) used to treat arthritis.
ponstel mefenamic_acid a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory and analgesic drug (trade name Ponstel) used to treat mild pain (especially menstrual cramps).
mephaquine mefloquine_hydrochloride mefloquine larium an antimalarial drug (trade name Larium and Mephaquine) that is effective in cases that do not respond to chloroquine; said to produce harmful neuropsychiatric effects on some people.
patch mend darn sewing that repairs a worn or torn hole (especially in a garment); "her stockings had several mends".
psychiatric_hospital mental_institution mental_hospital mental_home institution insane_asylum asylum a hospital for mentally incompetent or unbalanced person.
meperidine_hydrochloride meperidine demerol a synthetic narcotic drug (trade name Demerol) used to treat pain.
mesantoin mephenytoin a toxic anticonvulsant drug (trade name Mesantoin) used in the treatment of epilepsy when less toxic anticonvulsants have been ineffective.
miltown meprobamate meprin equanil a sedative and tranquilizer (trade name Miltown and Equanil and Meprin) used to treat muscle tension and anxiety.
metformin glucophage an antidiabetic drug (trade name Glucophage) prescribed to treat type II diabetes.
methapyrilene antihistamine used to treat allergic responses (as rhinitis or dermatitis or pruritus).
robaxin methocarbamol muscle relaxant for skeletal muscles (trade name Robaxin) used to treat spasms.
methotrexate_sodium methotrexate amethopterin toxic antimetabolite that limits cellular reproduction by acting as an antagonist to folic acid; used to treat certain cancers and psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis.
metoprolol lopressor beta blocker (trade name Lopressor) used in treating hypertension and angina and arrhythmia and acute myocardial infarction; has adverse side effects (depression and exacerbation of congestive heart failure etc.).
metronidazole flagyl antiprotozoal medication (trade name Flagyl) used to treat trichomoniasis and giardiasis.
mezzo-rilievo mezzo-relievo half-relief a sculptural relief between low relief and high relief.
microwave_bomb e-bomb a bomb that explodes in midair and releases a massive burst of electromagnetic energy sufficient to disable computers and telecommunications without killing people or damaging buildings.
versed midazolam an injectable form of benzodiazepine (trade name Versed) useful for sedation and for reducing pain during uncomfortable medical procedures.
middling any commodity of intermediate quality or size (especially when coarse particles of ground wheat are mixed with bran).
military_uniform prescribed identifying uniform for soldiers.
milking_stool low three-legged stool with a half round seat; used to sit on while milking a cow.
milliammeter a sensitive ammeter graduated in milliamperes.
millstone any load that is difficult to carry.
minor_suit ( bridge) a suit of inferior scoring value, either diamonds or clubs.
minor_tranquillizer minor_tranquilliser minor_tranquilizer anxiolytic_drug anxiolytic antianxiety_drug a tranquilizer used to relieve anxiety and reduce tension and irritability.
mizzen mizen fore-and-aft sail set on the mizzenmast.
mobcap large high frilly cap with a full crown; formerly worn indoors by women.
modification slightly modified copy; not an exact copy; "a modification of last year's model".
moped a motorbike that can be pedaled or driven by a low-powered gasoline engine.
mop_handle the handle of a mop.
muumuu mother_hubbard a woman's loose unbelted dress.
scuff mule a slipper that has no fitting around the heel.
relafen nabumetone a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Relafen).
neggram nalidixic_acid antibacterial agent used especially to treat genitourinary infections.
naproxen naprosyn a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Naprosyn) used in the treatment of arthritis and musculoskeletal inflammation and moderate pain.
naproxen_sodium anaprox aleve aflaxen a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trademarks Aleve and Anaprox and Aflaxen) that fights pain and inflammation.
narcoleptic a soporific drug that produces an uncontrollable desire to sleep.
narcotic a drug that produces numbness or stupor; often taken for pleasure or to reduce pain; extensive use can lead to addiction.
negative a piece of photographic film showing an image with light and shade or colors reversed.
wrapper peignoir negligee neglige housecoat a loose dressing gown for women.
nickel-cadmium_accumulator nicad a rechargeable battery with a nickel cathode and a cadmium anode; often used in emergency systems because of its low discharge rate when not in use.
nosepiece noseband a strap that is the part of a bridle that goes over the animal's nose.
nosepiece armor plate that protects the nose.
nylon a synthetic fabric.
obstructor obstruction obstructer impedimenta impediment any structure that makes progress difficult.
op_art a style of abstractionism popular in the 1960s; produces dramatic visual effects with colors and contrasts that are difficult for the eye to resolve.
open_weave a weave in which warp threads never come together, leaving interstices in the fabric.
orphenadrine norflex a skeletal muscle relaxant (trade name Norflex) used to treat severe muscle strain and Parkinsonism.
orphrey a richly embroidered edging on an ecclesiastical vestment.
overall boilersuit boilers_suit a loose protective coverall or smock worn over ordinary clothing for dirty work.
overload overburden an excessive burden.
overshoe footwear that protects your shoes from water or snow or cold.
over-the-counter_medicine over-the-counter_drug a drug that is sold without a prescription.
oxaprozin daypro a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Daypro).
oxford a low shoe laced over the instep.
tandearil oxyphenbutazone an anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Tandearil) used to treat arthritis and bursitis.
oxytocic_drug oxytocic a drug that induces labor by stimulating contractions of the muscles of the uterus.
paddle boat_paddle a short light oar used without an oarlock to propel a canoe or small boat.
palliative alleviator alleviant remedy that alleviates pain without curing.
panacea nostrum cure-all catholicon hypothetical remedy for all ills or diseases; once sought by the alchemists.
panache a feathered plume on a helmet.
panhandle the handle of a pan.
parapet breastwork fortification consisting of a low wall.
parapet a low wall along the edge of a roof or balcony.
paxil paroxetime a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant (trade name Paxil).
patent_medicine medicine that is protected by a patent and available without a doctor's prescription.
pathway footpath a trodden path.
pay-station pay-phone a coin-operated telephone.
penicillamine cuprimine a drug (trade name Cuprimine) used to treat heavy metal poisoning and Wilson's disease and severe arthritis.
penny_arcade an arcade with coin-operated devices for entertainment.
whistle tin_whistle pennywhistle an inexpensive fipple flute.
peritrate pentaerythritol a coronary vasodilator (trade name Peritrate) used to treat angina pectoris.
perpendicular an extremely steep face.
perpetual_motion_machine a machine that can continue to do work indefinitely without drawing energy from some external source; impossible under the law of conservation of energy.
underskirt petticoat half-slip undergarment worn under a skirt.
pheniramine an antihistamine used in preparations to treat allergies and respiratory infections; used to treat rhinitis and skin rashes and pruritus.
phensuximide milontin anticonvulsant (trade name Milontin) used to treat petit mal.
phenyltoloxamine antihistamine included in some preparations used to treat coughing and nasal congestion.
phillips_screwdriver a screwdriver for use with Phillips screws.
pied-a-terre lodging for occasional or secondary use; "they bought a pied-a-terre in London".
pilocarpine cholinergic alkaloid used in eyedrops to treat glaucoma.
pinfold a pen where stray animals are confined.
pipracil piperacillin a synthetic type of penicillin antibiotic (trade name Pipracil) used for moderate to severe infections.
piperazine vermifuge used to treat infestations by roundworms or pinworms.
plank-bed a bed of boards (without a mattress).
plimsoll a light gym shoe with a rubber sole and a canvas top.
pointillism a genre of painting characterized by the application of paint in dots and small strokes; developed by Georges Seurat and his followers in late 19th century France.
poliovirus_vaccine vaccine prepared from poliovirus to provide immunity to poliomyelitis.
poop_deck an exposed partial weather deck on the stern superstructure of a ship.
poorhouse an establishment maintained at public expense in order to provide housing for the poor and homeless.
pound3 dog_pound a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs; "unlicensed dogs will be taken to the pound".
press clamp to prevent wooden rackets from warping when not in use.
prie-dieu low bench for kneeling on.
primaquine synthetic antimalarial drug.
prison_house prison a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for punishment.
probenecid a uricosuric drug that reduces the level of uric acid in the blood; used to treat gout.
procarbazine an antineoplastic drug used to treat Hodgkin's disease.
prochlorperazine antipsychotic and antiemetic drug used to treat schizophrenia and to combat nausea and vomiting.
projectile missile a weapon that is forcibly thrown or projected at a targets but is not self-propelled.
protease_inhibitor pi an antiviral drug used against HIV; interrupts HIV replication by binding and blocking HIV protease; often used in combination with other drugs.
protective_covering protective_cover protection a covering that is intend to protect from damage or injury; "they had no protection from the fallout"; "wax provided protection for the floors".
protective_garment clothing that is intended to protect the wearer from injury.
proteosome_vaccine proteosome a form of vaccine that can be administered by an inhaler.
protriptyline tricyclic antidepressant used to treat clinical depression.
pump a low-cut shoe without fastenings.
pung a one-horse sleigh consisting of a box on runners.
shelter_tent pup_tent a wedge-shaped tent; usually without a floor or windows.
pyrilamine antihistamine used to treat rhinitis and pruritus.
quinacrine_hydrochloride quinacrine mepacrine atabrine a drug (trade name Atabrine) used to treat certain worm infestations and once used to treat malaria.
rebato rabato a wired or starched collar of intricate lace; worn in 17th century.
radiomicrometer radiometer that is extremely sensitive.
rake_handle the handle of a rake.
ranch_house a one story house with a low pitched roof.
zantac ranitidine a histamine blocker and antacid (trade name Zantac) used to treat peptic ulcers and gastritis and esophageal reflux.
rathole a small dirty uncomfortable room.
rattrap filthy run-down dilapidated housing.
sanctuary refuge asylum a shelter from danger or hardship.
relaxant a drug that relaxes and relieves tension.
relic an antiquity that has survived from the distant past.
reproduction replication replica copy that is not the original; something that has been copied.
ride a mechanical device that you ride for amusement or excitement.
rifle_ball a bullet designed to be fired from a rifle; no longer made spherical in shape.
rigout a person's costume (especially if bizarre); "What a queer rigout!".
riot_gun a firearm designed to disperse rioters rather than to inflict serious injury or death.
robe any loose flowing garment.
vioxx rofecoxib a Cox-2 inhibitor (trade name Vioxx) that relieves pain and inflammation without harming the digestive tract; voluntarily withdrawn from the market in 2004.
roughcast a rough preliminary model.
ruin a ruined building; "they explored several Roman ruins".
sackcloth a coarse cloth resembling sacking.
safe a ventilated or refrigerated cupboard for securing provisions from pests.
safehold a refuge from attack.
safety_lock safety_bolt a bolt that cannot be moved from outside the door or gate.
sandblaster a tool that throws out a blast of steam laden with sand; used to clean or grind hard surfaces.
saturday_night_special a cheap handgun that is easily obtained.
sawdust_saloon a saloon whose floor is covered with sawdust.
shlock schlock dreck merchandise that is shoddy or inferior.
scopolamine hyoscine an alkaloid with anticholinergic effects that is used as a sedative and to treat nausea and to dilate the pupils in ophthalmic procedures; "transdermal scopolamine is used to treat motion sickness"; "someone sedated with scopolamine has difficulty lying".
scourge flagellum a whip used to inflict punishment (often used for pedantic humor).
seat_cushion a cushion that makes a seat more comfortable.
selvedge selvage the edge of a fabric that is woven so that it will not ravel or fray.
sentry_box a small shelter with an open front to protect a sentry from the weather.
serpent an obsolete bass cornet; resembles a snake.
zoloft sertraline a selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed as an antidepressant (trade name Zoloft).
shade protective covering that protects something from direct sunlight; "they used umbrellas as shades"; "as the sun moved he readjusted the shade".
sheet_web an irregular spider web woven in a single plane and looking like flattened hammocks.
shelter temporary housing for homeless or displaced persons.
sheltered_workshop a workshop that offers jobs to members of the physically or developmentally disabled population.
shield a protective covering or structure.
shooting_brake another name for a station wagon.
shoulder_holster a holster worn over your shoulder so a gun can be concealed under your jacket.
shoulder_pad protective garment consisting of a hard rounded pad worn by football players to protect their shoulders.
shutter a hinged blind for a window.
sickbag sick_bag a bag provided on an airplane for passengers who are suffering from airsickness and need to vomit.
sickbay sick_berth (nautical) a room for the treatment of the sick or injured (as on a ship).
skew_arch an arch whose jambs are not at right angles with the face.
skidder a tractor used to haul logs over rough terrain.
ski_mask a woolen face mask to protect the face from cold while skiing on snow.
ski_parka ski_jacket a parka to be worn while skiing.
skirt_of_tasses armor plate that protects the body below the waist.
skull_and_crossbones emblem warning of danger or death.
slate_roof a roof covered with slate.
slipper carpet_slipper low footwear that can be slipped on and off easily; usually worn indoors.
smelling_bottle a bottle containing smelling salts.
snaffle_bit snaffle a simple jointed bit for a horse; without a curb.
snake something long, thin, and flexible that resembles a snake.
soft_drug a drug of abuse that is considered relatively mild and not likely to cause addiction.
soutache a narrow braid used as a decorative trimming.
spectinomycin an antibiotic used to treat gonorrhea.
spice_rack a rack for displaying containers filled with spices.
spider_web spider's_web a web resembling the webs spun by spiders.
spinal_anesthetic spinal_anaesthetic an anesthetic that is injected into the spine.
spiral_spring a spring that is wound like a spiral.
sports_car sport_car a small low car with a high-powered engine; usually seats two persons.
sportswear athletic_wear activewear attire worn for sport or for casual wear.
spouter an oil well that is spouting.
springer impost the lowest stone in an arch -- from which it springs.
spritsail a fore-and-aft sail extended by a sprit.
stamping_mill stamp_mill a mill in which ore is crushed with stamps.
standee a lifesize cardboard cutout (usually of a celebrity); "he had his picture taken with a standee of the president".
stealth_aircraft an aircraft designed in accordance with technology that makes detection by radar difficult.
stealth_bomber a bomber that is difficult to detect by radar.
steel_trap a trap made of steel with a strong spring and sharp toothlike projections to hold the prey.
stickpin a decorative pin that is worn in a necktie.
stinker anything that gives off an offensive odor (especially a cheap cigar).
stockinette stockinet knit used especially for infants' wear and undergarments.
stool a simple seat without a back or arms.
storm_door an extra outer door for protection against severe weather or winter.
stoup an archaic drinking vessel.
subbase the lowest molding of an architectural base or of a baseboard.
substation a subsidiary station where electricity is transformed for distribution by a low-voltage network.
sulfadiazine a sulfa drug used in treating meningitis and pneumonia and other infections.
sulindac clinoril a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Clinoril).
suntrap solar_trap a terrace or garden oriented to take advantage of the sun while protected from cold winds.
superconducting_supercollider a collider that operates at very low temperatures.
surcoat a tunic worn over a knight's armor.
surface_lift a ski tow that pulls skiers up a slope without lifting them off the ground.
sweatshop factory where workers do piecework for poor pay and are prevented from forming unions; common in the clothing industry.
tabouret taboret a low stool in the shape of a drum.
tail (usually plural) the reverse side of a coin that does not bear the representation of a person's head.
tailor-made custom-made clothing.
take-up any of various devices for reducing slack (as in a sewing machine) or taking up motion (as in a loom); "a take-up that winds photographic film on a spool".
tape_deck electronic equipment for making or playing magnetic tapes (but without amplifiers or speakers); a component in an audio system.
tarmacadam tarmac macadam a paved surface having compressed layers of broken rocks held together with tar.
tarot_card tarot any of a set of (usually 72) cards that include 22 cards representing virtues and vices and death and fortune etc.; used by fortunetellers.
tarpaulin tarp waterproofed canvas.
tea_maker a covered spoon with perforations.
terra_cotta a hard unglazed brownish-red earthenware.
thermojunction a junction between two dissimilar metals across which a voltage appears.
thermos_flask thermos_bottle thermos vacuum flask that preserves temperature of hot or cold drinks.
thioridazine mellaril a tranquilizer (trade name Mellaril) used to treat schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
thiotepa an antineoplastic drug used to treat certain malignancies.
thiothixene navane a tranquilizer (trade name Navane) used to treat schizophrenia.
thumbstall protective covering for an injured thumb.
toilet_water eau_de_toilette a perfumed liquid lighter than cologne.
tolmetin_sodium tolectin a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (trade name Tolectin).
topmast the mast next above a lower mast and topmost in a fore-and-aft rig.
torque_wrench a wrench that has a gauge that indicates the amount of torque being applied.
torture_chamber a room in which torture is inflicted.
toy a device regarded as providing amusement; "private airplanes are a rich man's toy".
toy a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier); "a toy stove".
track0 cartroad cart_track any road or path affording passage especially a rough one.
tranquillizer tranquilliser tranquilizer ataractic_drug ataractic_agent ataractic antianxiety_agent a drug used to reduce stress or tension without reducing mental clarity.
treasure_chest a chest filled with valuables.
triumphal_arch a monumental archway; usually they are built to commemorate some notable victory.
trompe_l'oeil a painting rendered in such great detail as to deceive the viewer concerning its reality.
trouser_cuff a cuff on the bottoms of trouser legs.
trundle_bed trundle truckle_bed truckle a low bed to be slid under a higher bed.
trunk_hose puffed breeches of the 16th and 17th centuries usually worn over hose.
tubeless_tire tubeless pneumatic tire not needing an inner tube to be airtight.
tudor_arch four-centered_arch a low elliptical or pointed arch; usually drawn from four centers.
tuille armor plate that protects the hip and thigh.
tulip_bed a flowerbed in which tulips are growing.
tumbler a glass with a flat bottom but no handle or stem; originally had a round bottom.
tunic any of a variety of loose fitting cloaks extending to the hips or knees.
turbine rotary engine in which the kinetic energy of a moving fluid is converted into mechanical energy by causing a bladed rotor to rotate.
turkish_towel terry_towel a bath towel with rough loose pile.
tyrothricin a mixture of antibiotics applied locally to infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria.
ultrasuede a synthetic suede cloth.
undercharge an insufficient charge.
underpants an undergarment that covers the body from the waist no further than to the thighs; usually worn next to the skin.
vacuum_gauge vacuum_gage a gauge for indicating negative atmospheric pressure.
valdecoxib bextra a Cox-2 inhibitor (trade name Bextra) that relieves pain and inflammation without harming the digestive tract.
vambrace lower_cannon cannon of plate armor protecting the forearm.
variation an artifact that deviates from a norm or standard; "he patented a variation on the sandal".
vaulting_horse long_horse buck a gymnastic horse without pommels and with one end elongated; used lengthwise for vaulting.
veneering veneer coating consisting of a thin layer of superior wood glued to a base of inferior wood.
vestment gown (especially ceremonial garments) worn by the clergy.
virility_drug anti-impotence_drug drug to treat impotence attributable to erectile dysfunction.
waders waterproof hip boots (sometimes extending to the chest) worn by anglers.
war_paint full ceremonial regalia.
weather_deck shelter_deck upper deck having no overhead protection from the weather, but sheltering the deck below.
weight free_weight exercising_weight sports equipment used in calisthenic exercises and weightlifting; it is not attached to anything and is raised and lowered by use of the hands and arms.
welder's_mask a mask that you wear for protection when doing welding.
weston_cell cadmium_cell a standard voltaic cell (trademark Weston).
wet-bulb_thermometer a thermometer with a bulb that is covered with moist muslin; used in a psychrometer to measure humidity.
wildcat_well wildcat an exploratory oil well drilled in land not known to be an oil field.
wind_rose weather map showing the frequency and strength of winds from different directions.
windsor_tie a wide necktie worn in a loose bow.
workhouse a poorhouse where able-bodied poor are compelled to labor.
zip_gun a crude homemade pistol.
zoot_suit a flashy suit of extreme cut.
personality the complex of all the attributes--behavioral, temperamental, emotional and mental--that characterize a unique individual; "their different reactions reflected their very different personalities"; "it is his nature to help others".
oral_personality (psychoanalysis) a personality characterized either by generous optimism or aggressive and ambitious selfishness; formed in early childhood by fixation during the oral stage of development.
extroversion extraversion (psychology) an extroverted disposition; concern with what is outside the self.
introversion (psychology) an introverted disposition; concern with one's own thoughts and feelings.
ambiversion (psychology) a balanced disposition intermediate between extroversion and introversion.
solitariness lonesomeness loneliness aloneness a disposition toward being alone.
temperament disposition your usual mood; "he has a happy disposition".
physicality animalism preoccupation with satisfaction of physical drives and appetites.
bloodthirstiness bloodiness a disposition to shed blood.
uneasiness restlessness queasiness inability to rest or relax or be still.
jactitation jactation (pathology) extremely restless tossing and twitching usually by a person with a severe illness.
soupiness sloppiness sentimentality mushiness mawkishness drippiness falsely emotional in a maudlin way.
corn something sentimental or trite; "that movie was pure corn".
fieriness a passionate and quick-tempered nature.
temperament excessive emotionalism or irritability and excitability (especially when displayed openly).
unemotionality emotionlessness absence of emotion.
blandness the trait of exhibiting no personal embarrassment or concern; "the blandness of his confession enraged the judge".
dryness dispassionateness dispassion objectivity and detachment; "her manner assumed a dispassion and dryness very unlike her usual tone".
stolidness stolidity stoicism an indifference to pleasure or pain.
sunshine sunniness cheerfulness cheer the quality of being cheerful and dispelling gloom; "flowers added a note of cheerfulness to the drab room".
uncheerfulness not conducive to cheer or good spirits.
sadness lugubriousness gloominess the quality of excessive mournfulness and uncheerfulness.
lyricism unrestrained and exaggerated enthusiasm.
inanition exhaustion resulting from lack of food.
inertia inactivity inactiveness a disposition to remain inactive or inert; "he had to overcome his inertia and get back to work".
spiritlessness numbness indifference apathy the trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally.
torpor torpidness torpidity listlessness inactivity resulting from lethargy and lack of vigor or energy.
laziness indolence inactivity resulting from a dislike of work.
idleness faineance the trait of being idle out of a reluctance to work.
slothfulness sloth a disinclination to work or exert yourself.
perfectionism a disposition to feel that anything less than perfect is unacceptable; "his perfectionism seemed excessive to his students".
softness0 a disposition to be lenient in judging others; "softness is not something permitted of good leaders".
unpermissiveness restrictiveness a lack of permissiveness or indulgence and a tendency to confine behavior within certain specified limits.
puritanism strictness and austerity in conduct and religion.
stiffness severity severeness rigourousness rigour rigorousness rigor inclemency harshness hardness excessive sternness; "severity of character"; "the harshness of his punishment was inhuman"; "the rigors of boot camp".
easygoingness being without worry or concern.
risibility a disposition to laugh.
obligingness deference compliancy compliance complaisance a disposition or tendency to yield to the will of others.
ill_nature a disagreeable, irritable, or malevolent disposition.
crossness crabbiness crabbedness a disposition to be ill-tempered.
grumpiness crotchetiness crankiness contrariness a fussy and eccentric disposition.
sullenness sulkiness sourness moroseness a sullen moody resentful disposition.
temper surliness snappishness pettishness peevishness irritability biliousness a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger; "his temper was well known to all his employees".
impatience a dislike of anything that causes delay.
intolerance impatience with annoyances; "his intolerance of interruptions".
querulousness the quality of being given to complaining.
disagreeableness an ill-tempered and offensive disposition.
pugnacity belligerence aggressiveness a natural disposition to be hostile.
bellicosity bellicoseness a natural disposition to fight.
truculency truculence obstreperous and defiant aggressiveness.
unwillingness involuntariness the trait of being unwilling; "his unwillingness to cooperate vetoed every proposal I made"; "in spite of our warnings he plowed ahead with the involuntariness of an automaton".
reluctance indisposition hesitation hesitancy disinclination a certain degree of unwillingness; "a reluctance to commit himself"; "his hesitancy revealed his basic indisposition"; "after some hesitation he agreed".
staidness solemnity solemness sedateness a trait of dignified seriousness.
stuffiness stodginess dull and pompous gravity.
frivolousness frivolity the trait of being frivolous; not serious or sensible.
lightsomeness lightness the trait of being lighthearted and frivolous.
levity a manner lacking seriousness.
light-mindedness flippancy inappropriate levity; "her mood changed and she was all lightness and joy".
sauciness pertness perkiness impertinence archness inappropriate playfulness.
taciturnity reticence reserve the trait of being uncommunicative; not volunteering anything more than necessary.
sociableness sociability the relative tendency or disposition to be sociable or associate with one's fellows.
gregariousness the quality of being gregarious--having a dislike of being alone.
friendliness a friendly disposition.
amicableness amicability having a disposition characterized by warmth and friendliness.
cordiality amity a cordial disposition.
mellowness geniality, as through the effects of alcohol or marijuana.
unapproachability a disposition to be unapproachable; unfriendly and inaccessible.
unfriendliness an unfriendly disposition.
ill_will hostility a hostile (very unfriendly) disposition; "he could not conceal his hostility".
virulency virulence extreme hostility; "the virulence of the malicious old man".
misanthropy a disposition to dislike and mistrust other people.
uncongeniality a disposition not to be congenial.
unneighborliness an unneighborly disposition.
inhospitableness having an unfriendly and inhospitable disposition.
unadaptability the inability to change or be changed to fit changed circumstances.
rigidness rigidity inflexibility the quality of being rigid and rigorously severe.
intentionality expressive of intentions.
unthoughtfulness thoughtlessness the trait of not thinking carefully before acting.
brashness the trait of being rash and hasty.
desperation desperate recklessness; "it was a policy of desperation".
impetuousness impetuosity rash impulsiveness.
hastiness hasty impulsiveness.
inattentiveness the trait of not being considerate and thoughtful of others.
sloppiness carelessness the quality of not being careful or taking pains.
unwariness the trait of not being cautious and watchful.
negligence neglectfulness neglect the trait of neglecting responsibilities and lacking concern.
willful_neglect dereliction delinquency a tendency to be negligent and uncaring; "he inherited his delinquency from his father"; "his derelictions were not really intended as crimes"; "his adolescent protest consisted of willful neglect of all his responsibilities".
slackness remissness laxness laxity the quality of being lax and neglectful.
womanishness unmanliness softness sissiness effeminateness effeminacy the trait of being effeminate (derogatory of a man); "the students associated science with masculinity and arts with effeminacy"; "Spartans accused Athenians of effeminateness"; "he was shocked by the softness of the atmosphere surrounding the young prince, arising from the superfluity of the femininity that guided him".
fault responsibility for a bad situation or event; "it was John's fault".
untrustworthiness untrustiness the trait of not deserving trust or confidence.
irresponsibleness irresponsibility a form of untrustworthiness; the trait of lacking a sense of responsibility and not feeling accountable for your actions.
unreliableness unreliability undependableness undependability the trait of not being dependable or reliable.
carefreeness the trait of being without worry or responsibility.
unconscientiousness the trait of not being painstaking or careful.
unconcern nonchalance indifference the trait of remaining calm and seeming not to care; a casual lack of concern.
look physical appearance; "I don't like the looks of this place".
view0 outward appearance; "they look the same in outward view".
impression effect an outward appearance; "he made a good impression"; "I wanted to create an impression of success"; "she retained that bold effect in her reproductions of the original painting".
semblance gloss colour color an outward or token appearance or form that is deliberately misleading; "he hoped his claims would have a semblance of authenticity"; "he tried to give his falsehood the gloss of moral sanction"; "the situation soon took on a different color".
pretext pretense pretence guise an artful or simulated semblance; "under the guise of friendship he betrayed them".
leer a suggestive or sneering look or grin.
worn_spot fret a spot that has been worn away by abrasion or erosion.
hirsutism hirsuteness excessive hairiness.
hairlessness the quality of not having hair.
sultriness the quality of expressing or arousing sexual desire; "the sultriness of her look was unmistakable"; "the sultriness of lust was in the air".
siren_song siren_call the enticing appeal of something alluring but potentially dangerous; "he succumbed to the siren call of the wilderness".
ugliness qualities of appearance that do not give pleasure to the senses.
unsightliness ugliness that is unpleasant to look at.
gaudiness garishness strident color or excessive ornamentation.
unpleasingness the quality of being unpleasant.
hideousness dreadful ugliness; horrible repulsiveness.
disfigurement disfiguration deformity an appearance that has been spoiled or is misshapen; "there were distinguishing disfigurements on the suspect's back"; "suffering from facial disfiguration".
unattractiveness an ugliness of appearance that is not appealing to viewers.
plainness homeliness an appearance that is not attractive or beautiful; "fine clothes could not conceal the girl's homeliness".
mar defect blemish a mark or flaw that spoils the appearance of something (especially on a person's body); "a facial blemish".
crack a blemish resulting from a break without complete separation of the parts; "there was a crack in the mirror".
craze a fine crack in a glaze or other surface.
eyesore something very ugly and offensive.
scratch0 scrape scar mark3 an indication of damage.
spot smudge smirch smear slur daub blot a blemish made by dirt; "he had a smudge on his cheek".
fingerprint fingermark a smudge made by a (dirty) finger.
stain discolouration discoloration a soiled or discolored appearance; "the wine left a dark stain".
scorch a discoloration caused by heat.
bloodstain a discoloration caused by blood.
iron_mould iron_mold a spot caused the staining with rust or ink.
mud_stain a stain produced by mud.
oil_stain a stain produced by oil.
wart verruca (pathology) a firm abnormal elevated blemish on the skin; caused by a virus.
simplicity simpleness restraint chasteness lack of ornamentation; "the room was simply decorated with great restraint".
starkness bareness an extreme lack of furnishings or ornamentation; "I was struck by the starkness of my father's room".
ornateness elaborateness an ornate appearance; being elaborately (even excessively) decorated.
etiolation a pale and sickly appearance; "his etiolation signaled years in prison".
finishing finish coating a decorative texture or appearance of a surface (or the substance that gives it that appearance); "the boat had a metallic finish"; "he applied a coat of a clear finish"; "when the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly".
pellucidness pellucidity limpidity passing light without diffusion or distortion.
vapourousness vaporousness steaminess mistiness haziness cloudiness resulting from haze or mist or vapor.
dullness bluntness without sharpness or clearness of edge or point; "the dullness of the pencil made his writing illegible".
blatancy the property of being both obvious and offensive; "the blatancy of his attempt to whitewash the crime was unforgivable".
unobtrusiveness the quality of not sticking out in an unwelcome way.
simplicity simpleness easiness ease freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort; "he rose through the ranks with apparent ease"; "they put it into containers for ease of transportation"; "the very easiness of the deed held her back".
effortlessness the quality of requiring little effort; "such effortlessness is achieved only after hours of practice".
readiness facility a natural effortlessness; "they conversed with great facility"; "a happy readiness of conversation"--Jane Austen.
difficulty difficultness the quality of being difficult; "they agreed about the difficulty of the climb".
effortfulness the quality of requiring deliberate effort.
strenuousness arduousness extreme effortfulness.
toilsomeness operoseness laboriousness the quality of requiring extended effort.
severity severeness rigourousness rigour rigorousness rigor hardship grimness asperity something hard to endure; "the asperity of northern winters".
ruggedness hardness the quality of being difficult to do; "he assigned a series of problems of increasing hardness"; "the ruggedness of his exams caused half the class to fail".
toughness formidability impressive difficulty.
oppressiveness onerousness heaviness burdensomeness unwelcome burdensome difficulty.
subtlety niceness the quality of being difficult to detect or analyze; "you had to admire the subtlety of the distinctions he drew".
worriment troublesomeness inconvenience a difficulty that causes anxiety.
flea_bite a very minor inconvenience.
harmony harmoniousness compatibility in opinion and action.
normality conformity with the norm.
incompatibility the quality of being unable to exist or work in congenial combination.
incongruousness incongruity the quality of disagreeing; being unsuitable and inappropriate.
ineligibility the quality or state of being ineligible.
impressiveness the quality of making a strong or vivid impression on the mind.
neediness the quality of needing attention and affection and reassurance to a marked degree; "he recognized her neediness but had no time to respond to it".
unworthiness inappropriateness the quality of being not particularly suitable or befitting; "he retracted nothing that he had said about the inappropriateness of either a corporeal God or a God who is a person"; "his praise released from her loud protestations of her unworthiness".
infelicity inappropriate and unpleasing manner or style (especially manner or style of expression).
unfitness the quality of not being suitable; "the judges agreed on his unfitness for the appointment".
disqualification unfitness that bars you from participation.
inconvenience the quality of not being useful or convenient.
unavailability inaccessibility the quality of not being available when needed.
vibration vibe a distinctive emotional aura experienced instinctively; "that place gave me bad vibrations"; "it gave me a nostalgic vibe".
expansivity expansiveness a quality characterized by magnificence of scale or the tendency to expand; "the expansiveness of their extravagant life style was soon curtailed".
low_quality inferiority an inferior quality.
scrubbiness scrawniness the property of being stunted and inferior in size or quality; "the scrawniness of sickly trees".
second_class not the highest quality in a classification.
wretchedness the quality of being poor and inferior and sorry; "he has compiled a record second to none in its wretchedness".
shiftiness the quality of being changeable in direction; "the shiftiness of the wind caused the boat to veer unpredictably".
unpredictability capriciousness the quality of being guided by sudden unpredictable impulses.
variance variableness variability the quality of being subject to variation.
variedness characterized by variation.
inconvertibility the quality of not being exchangeable; "the inconvertibility of their currency made international trade impossible".
metastability the quality of a physical system that persists in its existing equilibrium when undisturbed (or only slightly disturbed) but able to pass to a more stable equilibrium when sufficiently disturbed.
invariance invariableness invariability the quality of being resistant to variation.
unvariedness characterized by an absence of variation.
sameness monotony humdrum the quality of wearisome constancy, routine, and lack of variety; "he had never grown accustomed to the monotony of his work"; "he was sick of the humdrum of his fellow prisoners"; "he hated the sameness of the food the college served".
unalterability fixedness the quality of being fixed and unchangeable; "the fixedness of his gaze upset her".
unexchangeability the quality of being incapable of exchange or interchange.
immutableness immutability fixity the quality of being incapable of mutation; "Darwin challenged the fixity of species".
unalterability the quality of not being alterable.
incurability incapability of being altered in disposition or habits; "the incurability of his optimism".
sameness the quality of being alike; "sameness of purpose kept them together".
unity oneness the quality of being united into one.
similitude likeness alikeness similarity in appearance or character or nature between persons or things; "man created God in his own likeness".
uniformness uniformity the quality of lacking diversity or variation (even to the point of boredom).
sort an approximate definition or example; "she wore a sort of magenta dress"; "she served a creamy sort of dessert thing".
naturalness the likeness of a representation to the thing represented; "engineers strove to increase the naturalness of recorded music".
resemblance similarity in appearance or external or superficial details.
mutual_resemblance symmetrical resemblance.
equality the quality of being the same in quantity or measure or value or status.
evenness the quality of being balanced.
difference the quality of being unlike or dissimilar; "there are many differences between jazz and rock".
differential a quality that differentiates between similar things.
distinction a distinguishing difference; "he learned the distinction between gold and lead".
variance divergence discrepancy disagreement a difference between conflicting facts or claims or opinions; "a growing divergence of opinion".
unsimilarity dissimilarity the quality of being dissimilar.
unlikeness dissimilitude dissimilarity evidenced by an absence of likeness.
heterogeneousness heterogeneity the quality of being diverse and not comparable in kind.
variety multifariousness diversity diverseness noticeable heterogeneity; "a diversity of possibilities"; "the range and variety of his work is amazing".
inequality lack of equality; "the growing inequality between rich and poor".
nonequivalence not interchangeable.
far_cry a disappointing disparity; "it was a far cry from what he had expected".
gulf disconnection disconnect an unbridgeable disparity (as from a failure of understanding); "he felt a gulf between himself and his former friends"; "there is a vast disconnect between public opinion and federal policy".
sure_thing foregone_conclusion certainty something that is certain; "his victory is a certainty".
unavoidability ineluctability the quality of being impossible to avoid or evade.
positivity positiveness incontrovertibleness incontrovertibility the quality of being undeniable and not worth arguing about.
givenness the quality of being granted as a supposition; of being acknowledged or assumed.
predictability the quality of being predictable.
unpredictability lacking predictability.
speculativeness the quality of being a conclusion or opinion based on supposition and conjecture rather than on fact or investigation; "her work is highly contentious because of its speculativeness and lack of supporting evidence".
counterfactuality the quality of being contrary to fact.
tangibleness tangibility palpability the quality of being perceivable by touch.
physicalness materiality corporeality corporality the quality of being physical; consisting of matter.
incorporeality immateriality the quality of not being physical; not consisting of matter.
insubstantiality lacking substance or reality.
smoke something with no concrete substance; "his dreams all turned to smoke"; "it was just smoke and mirrors".
pervasiveness the quality of filling or spreading throughout; "the pervasiveness of the odor of cabbage in tenement hallways".
regularity the quality of being characterized by a fixed principle or rate; "he was famous for the regularity of his habits".
invariability evenness a quality of uniformity and lack of variation.
even_spacing regularity of spacing.
unregularity irregularity not characterized by a fixed principle or rate; at irregular intervals.
jerkiness fitfulness the quality of being spasmodic and irregular.
intermittency intermittence the quality of being intermittent; subject to interruption or periodic stopping.
wavering fluctuation the quality of being unsteady and subject to changes; "he kept a record of price fluctuations".
stochasticity randomness noise haphazardness the quality of lacking any predictable order or plan.
spasticity the quality of moving or acting in spasms.
variability unevenness the quality of being uneven and lacking uniformity.
jaggedness something irregular like a bump or crack in a smooth surface.
personal_equation variability attributable to individual differences.
unsteadiness the quality of being unsteady--varying and unpredictable.
wiggliness a jerky back and forth kind of mobility; "he walked with the wiggliness of a child on high heels".
slackness slack the quality of being loose (not taut); "he hadn't counted on the slackness of the rope".
unsteadiness ricketiness the quality of not being steady or securely fixed in place.
immotility lacking an ability to move.
immovableness immovability not capable of being moved or rearranged.
granite something having the quality of granite (unyielding firmness); "a man of granite".
enjoyableness pleasantness resulting from something that can be enjoyed; "the enjoyableness of an afternoon at the beach".
disagreeableness the quality of being disagreeable and unpleasant.
abrasiveness the quality of being sharply disagreeable.
acridness acridity the quality of being sharply disagreeable in language or tone.
unpalatableness unpalatability the property of being unacceptable to the mind; "the policy's unpalatability caused an uproar".
unsavoriness disgustingness the property of being extremely unacceptable to the mind.
nastiness the quality of being unpleasant; "I flinched at the nastiness of his wound".
offensiveness odiousness distastefulness the quality of being offensive.
beastliness unpleasant nastiness; used especially of nasty weather.
implausibleness implausibility the quality of provoking disbelief.
completeness (logic) an attribute of a logical system that is so constituted that a contradiction arises if any proposition is introduced that cannot be derived from the axioms of the system.
inconsequence illogicalness illogicality illogic invalid or incorrect reasoning.
naturalness the quality of being natural or based on natural principles; "he accepted the naturalness of death"; "the spontaneous naturalness of his manner".
simplicity simmpleness absence of affectation or pretense.
spontaneousness spontaneity the quality of being spontaneous and coming from natural feelings without constraint; "the spontaneity of his laughter".
informality ease freedom from constraint or embarrassment; "I am never at ease with strangers".
unpretentiousness the quality of being natural and without pretensions.
unnaturalness the quality of being unnatural or not based on natural principles.
affectedness the quality of being false or artificial (as to impress others).
pose airs affected manners intended to impress others; "don't put on airs with me".
artificiality the quality of being produced by people and not occurring naturally.
theatricality staginess an artificial and mannered quality.
pretension pretense pretence a false or unsupportable quality.
ostentation pretentious or showy or vulgar display.
supernaturalness supernaturalism the quality of being attributed to power that seems to violate or go beyond natural forces.
unwholesomeness morbidness morbidity the quality of being unhealthful and generally bad for you.
noxiousness noisomeness harmfulness the quality of being noxious.
toxicity perniciousness grave harmfulness or deadliness.
lethality deadliness the quality of being deadly.
fatality the quality of being able to cause death or fatal disasters.
jejunity jejuneness quality of lacking nutritive value.
unhealthfulness the quality of promoting poor health.
satisfactoriness the quality of giving satisfaction sufficient to meet a demand or requirement.
adequateness adequacy the quality of being able to meet a need satisfactorily: "he questioned the adequacy of the usual sentimental interpretation of the Golden Rule".
unacceptableness unacceptability unsatisfactoriness by virtue of not conforming to approved standards.
inadmissibility unacceptability as a consequence of not being admissible.
impermissibility inadmissibility as a consequence of not being permitted.
expectedness ordinariness as a consequence of being expected and not surprising.
usualness commonness by virtue of not being unusual.
familiarity usualness by virtue of being familiar or well known.
unfamiliarity strangeness unusualness as a consequence of not being well known.
freakishness abnormality marked strangeness as a consequence of being abnormal.
quaintness strangeness as a consequence of being old fashioned; "some words in her dialect had a charming quaintness".
strangeness foreignness curiousness the quality of being alien or not native; "the strangeness of a foreigner".
alienism alienage the quality of being alien.
originality the quality of being new and original (not derived from something else).
novelty freshness originality by virtue of being refreshingly novel.
nonconformity unorthodoxy as a consequence of not conforming to expected standards or values.
ossification conformity hardened conventionality.
scholasticism academism academicism orthodoxy of a scholastic variety.
wrongness incorrectness the quality of not conforming to fact or truth.
error erroneousness inadvertent incorrectness.
precision preciseness the quality of being reproducible in amount or performance; "he handled it with the preciseness of an automaton"; "note the meticulous precision of his measurements".
inaccuracy the quality of being inaccurate and having errors.
inexactness inexactitude the quality of being inaccurate and having errors.
imprecision impreciseness the quality of lacking precision.
infallibility the quality of never making an error.
inerrancy (Christianity) exemption from error; "biblical inerrancy".
errancy fallibility as indicated by erring or a tendency to err.
shamefulness ignominiousness disgracefulness unworthiness meriting public disgrace and dishonor.
legality lawfulness by virtue of conformity to a legal statute.
validness validity the quality of having legal force or effectiveness.
illegality unlawfulness by virtue of violating some legal statute.
invalidness invalidity illogicality as a consequence of having a conclusion that does not follow from the premisses.
unlawfulness the quality of failing to conform to law.
outlawry lawlessness illegality as a consequence of unlawful acts; defiance of the law.
infection (international law) illegality that taints or contaminates a ship or cargo rendering it liable to seizure.
illegitimacy unlawfulness by virtue of not being authorized by or in accordance with law.
illicitness the quality of not conforming strictly to law.
stiffness gracelessness clumsiness awkwardness the inelegance of someone stiff and unrelaxed (as by embarrassment).
woodenness the quality of being wooden and awkward; "he criticized the woodenness of the acting"; "there was a certain woodenness in his replies".
rusticity gaucherie the quality of being rustic or gauche.
homeliness drabness dowdiness having a drab or dowdy quality; lacking stylishness or elegance.
sleaziness shabbiness seediness manginess a lack of elegance as a consequence of wearing threadbare or dirty clothing.
tweediness an informal, homely, outdoor look characteristic of those who wear tweeds.
raggedness shabbiness by virtue of being in rags.
vulgarity vulgarism raunch grossness commonness coarseness the quality of lacking taste and refinement.
roughness crudeness an unpolished unrefined quality; "the crudeness of frontier dwellings depressed her".
splashiness puffiness pretentiousness pompousness pomposity ostentatiousness ostentation inflation lack of elegance as a consequence of being pompous and puffed up with vanity.
tat tackiness sleaze cheapness tastelessness by virtue of being cheap and vulgar.
expressiveness the quality of being expressive.
picturesqueness the quality of being strikingly expressive or vivid.
inscrutability the quality of being impossible to investigate; "the inscrutability of the future".
noise incomprehensibility resulting from irrelevant information or meaningless facts or remarks; "all the noise in his speech concealed the fact that he didn't have anything to say".
reconditeness obscurity obscureness abstruseness the quality of being unclear or abstruse and hard to understand.
unclearness incomprehensibility as a result of not being clear.
elusiveness the quality of being difficult to grasp or pin down; "the author's elusiveness may at times be construed as evasiveness".
inexplicitness unclearness by virtue of not being explicit.
implicitness inexplicitness as a consequence of being implied or indirect.
religiousism religiosity religionism pietism exaggerated or affected piety and religious zeal.
wickedness sinfulness sin estrangement from god.
irreligiousness irreligion the quality of not being devout.
ungodliness godlessness impiety by virtue of not being a godly person.
pity compassion the humane quality of understanding the suffering of others and wanting to do something about it.
heinousness barbarousness barbarity atrocity atrociousness the quality of being shockingly cruel and inhumane.
viciousness savagery ferociousness brutality the trait of extreme cruelty.
murderousness cruelty evidence by a capability to commit murder.
ruthlessness pitilessness mercilessness characterized by a lack of pity.
relentlessness inexorableness inexorability mercilessness characterized by an unwillingness to relent or let up; "the relentlessness or their pursuit".
charitableness generosity as manifested by practicing charity (as for the poor or unfortunate).
unselfishness the quality of not putting yourself first but being willing to give your time or money or effort etc. for others; "rural people show more devotion and unselfishness than do their urban cousins".
illiberality a disposition not to be liberal (generous) with money.
selfishness stinginess resulting from a concern for your own welfare and a disregard of others.
voraciousness rapaciousness greediness an excessive desire for wealth (usually in large amounts); "the greediness of lawyers".
self-seeking self-interest opportunism expedience taking advantage of opportunities without regard for the consequences for others.
aggressiveness the quality of being bold and enterprising.
fight competitiveness an aggressive willingness to compete; "the team was full of fight".
militancy militance combativeness a militant aggressiveness.
officiousness meddlesomeness intrusiveness aggressiveness as evidenced by intruding; by advancing yourself or your ideas without invitation.
audacity audaciousness aggressive boldness or unmitigated effrontery; "he had the audacity to question my decision".
presumptuousness presumption effrontery assumption audacious (even arrogant) behavior that you have no right to; "he despised them for their presumptuousness".
uppityness uppishness assumption of airs beyond one's station.
unfairness inequity injustice by virtue of not conforming with rules or standards.
malice malevolency malevolence the quality of threatening evil.
spitefulness spite nastiness cattiness bitchiness malevolence by virtue of being malicious or spiteful or nasty.
malignity malignancy malignance quality of being disposed to evil; intense ill will.
defensiveness excessive sensitivity to criticism; "his defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence"; "the fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians' defensiveness".
bunker_mentality defensiveness resulting from repeated attacks; "after so many suicide bombings the Israelis have to resist developing a bunker mentality".
insensitivity insensitiveness the inability to respond to affective changes in your interpersonal environment.
tin_ear insensitivity to the appropriateness or subtlety of language; "he has a tin ear for dialogue".
unfeelingness insensibility hardness callousness callosity devoid of passion or feeling; hardheartedness.
dullness lack of sensibility; "there was a dullness in his heart"; "without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it.".
harshness cruelty cruelness the quality of being cruel and causing tension or annoyance.
meanness beastliness the quality of being deliberately mean.
unhelpfulness an inability to be helpful.
thoughtlessness inconsideration inconsiderateness the quality of failing to be considerate of others.
tactlessness the quality of lacking tact.
bluntness the quality of being direct and outspoken; "the bluntness of a Yorkshireman".
mischief maleficence balefulness the quality or nature of being harmful or evil.
virtuousness virtue moral_excellence the quality of doing what is right and avoiding what is wrong.
religiousness the quality of being extremely conscientious; "his care in observing the rules of good health amounted to a kind of religiousness".
immorality the quality of not being in accord with standards of right or good conduct; "the immorality of basing the defense of the West on the threat of mutual assured destruction".
corruptibility the capability of being corrupted.
wrongness contrary to conscience or morality.
evilness evil the quality of being morally wrong in principle or practice; "attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world".
worst the greatest damage or wickedness of which one is capable; "the invaders did their worst"; "so pure of heart that his worst is another man's best".
wickedness vileness ugliness nefariousness the quality of being wicked.
enormity the quality of extreme wickedness.
villainy villainousness the quality of evil by virtue of villainous behavior.
wrongfulness wrong that which is contrary to the principles of justice or law; "he feels that you are in the wrong".
unsanctification profaneness unholiness by virtue of being profane.
sacrilegiousness profaneness by virtue of committing sacrilege.
dangerousness the quality of not being safe.
precariousness extreme dangerousness.
courageousness courage bravery braveness a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing fear.
dutch_courage courage resulting from intoxication.
fearlessness the trait of feeling no fear.
nervelessness coolness fearless self-possession in the face of danger.
shamelessness brazenness behavior marked by a bold defiance of the proprieties and lack of shame.
cowardliness cowardice the trait of lacking courage.
faintness faintheartedness the trait of lacking boldness and courage; "faintness of heart and infirmity of purpose".
pusillanimousness pusillanimity contemptible fearfulness.
poltroonery abject pusillanimity.
dastardliness despicable cowardice.
gutlessness the trait of lacking courage and determination; fearful of loss or injury.
stiffness firm resoluteness in purpose or opinion or action; "a charming host without any touch of stiffness or pomposity".
impenitency impenitence the trait of refusing to repent.
intransigency intransigence the trait of being intransigent; stubbornly refusing to compromise.
unyieldingness obduracy adamance resoluteness by virtue of being unyielding and inflexible.
purpose determination the quality of being determined to do or achieve something; firmness of purpose; "his determination showed in his every movement"; "he is a man of purpose".
singleness the quality of concentrating on one central objective; "his singleness of purpose".
irresolution irresoluteness the trait of being irresolute; lacking firmness of purpose.
sincerity the quality of being open and truthful; not deceitful or hypocritical; "his sincerity inspired belief"; "they demanded some proof of my sincerity".
wholeheartedness heartiness the quality of hearty sincerity.
straightforwardness singleness without hypocrisy; "the singleness of his motives could not be questioned".
insincerity hollowness falseness the quality of not being open or truthful; deceitful or hypocritical.
hypocrisy insincerity by virtue of pretending to have qualities or beliefs that you do not really have.
incorruptibility the incapability of being corrupted.
sublimity nobility in thought or feeling or style.
veracity unwillingness to tell lies.
dishonourableness dishonorableness the quality of not deserving honor or respect.
ignobleness ignobility the quality of being ignoble.
dishonesty the quality of being dishonest.
obliquity deceptiveness the quality of being deceptive.
fraudulence deceit the quality of being fraudulent.
deviousness crookedness the quality of being deceitful and underhanded.
thievishness larcenous having a disposition to steal.
mendacity the tendency to be untruthful.
disingenuousness the quality of being disingenuous and lacking candor.
steadfastness staunchness loyalty in the face of trouble and difficulty.
inconstancy fickleness falseness faithlessness unfaithfulness by virtue of being unreliable or treacherous.
betrayal the quality of aiding an enemy.
insidiousness the quality of being designed to entrap.
naivety naivete naiveness lack of sophistication or worldliness.
discipline the trait of being well behaved; "he insisted on discipline among the troops".
self-discipline self-denial the trait of practicing self discipline.
stiff_upper_lip self-restraint in the expression of emotion (especially fear or grief); "the British like to keep a stiff upper lip".
tabu taboo an inhibition or ban resulting from social custom or emotional aversion.
undiscipline indiscipline the trait of lacking discipline.
self-indulgence indulgence an inability to resist the gratification of whims and desires.
wantonness unconstraint abandon the trait of lacking restraint or control; reckless freedom from inhibition or worry; "she danced with abandon".
piggishness hoggishness greediness an excessive desire for food.
vanity conceitedness conceit the trait of being unduly vain and conceited; false pride.
swelled_head self-importance egotism an exaggerated opinion of your own importance.
posturing adopting a vain conceited posture.
superciliousness disdainfulness condescension the trait of displaying arrogance by patronizing those considered inferior.
hubris overbearing pride or presumption.
overbearingness imperiousness domineeringness the trait of being imperious and overbearing.
snobbism snobbishness snobbery the trait of condescending to those of lower social status.
humility humbleness a disposition to be humble; a lack of false pride; "not everyone regards humility as a virtue".
subduedness meekness a disposition to be patient and long suffering.
spinelessness the quality of lacking a strong character; an irresolute disposition.
discretion discernment the trait of judging wisely and objectively; "a man of discernment".
lightheadedness a frivolous lack of prudence.
wastefulness waste thriftlessness the trait of wasting resources; "a life characterized by thriftlessness and waste"; "the wastefulness of missed opportunities".
suspiciousness suspicion being of a suspicious nature; "his suspiciousness destroyed his marriage".
uncleanliness lack of cleanly habits.
slovenliness habitual uncleanliness.
untidiness messiness the trait of being untidy and messy.
disorderliness disarray untidiness (especially of clothing and appearance).
modesty modestness freedom from vanity or conceit.
prudishness prudery primness grundyism excessive or affected modesty.
impropriety improperness an improper demeanor.
incorrectness lack of conformity to social expectations.
wrongness inappropriateness inappropriate conduct.
indelicacy the trait of being indelicate and offensive.
indecorum indecorousness a lack of decorum.
indecency the quality of being indecent.
immodesty the trait of being vain and conceited.
smuttiness dirtiness obscenity in speech or writing.
sang-froid poise cool assuredness aplomb great coolness and composure under strain; "keep your cool".
uneasiness unease disquiet the trait of seeming ill at ease.
perturbation fluster a disposition that is confused or nervous and upset.
passivity passiveness submission to others or to outside influences.
intractableness intractability the trait of being hard to influence or control.
wildness an intractably barbarous or uncultivated state of nature.
obstreperousness noisy defiance.
willfulness wilfulness unruliness fractiousness the trait of being prone to disobedience and lack of discipline.
stubbornness obstinance obstinacy mulishness the trait of being difficult to handle or overcome.
perversity perverseness contrariness deliberate and stubborn unruliness and resistance to guidance or discipline.
orneriness cussedness meanspirited disagreeable contrariness.
disobedience the trait of being unwilling to obey.
wildness an unruly disposition to do as one pleases; "Liza had always had a tendency to wildness"; "the element of wildness in his behavior was a protest against repressive convention".
boorishness the manner of a rude or insensitive person.
ill-breeding bad_manners impoliteness resulting from ignorance.
gaucheness crudity crudeness an impolite manner that is vulgar and lacking tact or refinement; "the whole town was famous for its crudeness".
indirectness having the characteristic of lacking a true course toward a goal.
robustness the characteristic of being strong enough to withstand intellectual challenge; "the lack of robustness in the findings may be due to the small size of the sample".
hybrid_vigor heterosis (genetics) the tendency of a crossbred organism to have qualities superior to those of either parent.
quaintness the quality of being quaint and old-fashioned; "she liked the old cottage; its quaintness was appealing".
vintage time_of_origin the oldness of wines.
staleness having lost purity and freshness as a consequence of aging.
mustiness must moldiness the quality of smelling or tasting old or stale or mouldy.
vanity_fair a vain and frivolous lifestyle especially in large cities.
sliminess a property resembling or being covered with slime.
thinness a consistency of low viscosity; "he disliked the thinness of the soup".
hardness a quality of water that contains dissolved mineral salts that prevent soap from lathering; "the costs of reducing hardness depend on the relative amounts of calcium and magnesium compounds that are present".
hardness the property of being rigid and resistant to pressure; not easily scratched; measured on Mohs scale.
firmness the property of being unyielding to the touch.
softness the property of giving little resistance to pressure and being easily cut or molded.
incompressibility the property of being incompressible.
fluffiness featheriness downiness a light softness.
friability crumbliness excessive breakableness.
unbreakableness a consistency of something that does not break under pressure.
impermeableness impermeability the property of something that cannot be pervaded by a liquid.
retentivity retentiveness retention the power of retaining liquid; "moisture retentivity of soil".
propensity aptness a disposition to behave in a certain way; "the aptness of iron to rust"; "the propensity of disease to spread".
mordacity a disposition to biting.
buoyancy the tendency to float in water or other liquid.
thirstiness thirst hungriness hunger strong desire for something (not food or drink); "a thirst for knowledge"; "hunger for affection".
greed excessive desire to acquire or possess more (especially more material wealth) than one needs or deserves.
smoothness a texture without roughness; smooth to the touch; "admiring the slim smoothness of her thighs"; "some artists prefer the smoothness of a board".
roughness raggedness a texture of a surface or edge that is not smooth but is irregular and uneven.
tweediness nubbiness coarseness looseness or roughness in texture (as of cloth).
granularity graininess coarseness the quality of being composed of relatively large particles.
sleekness the quality of being well-groomed and neatly tailored; "the sleekness of his appearance reminded me of his financial successes".
marbleizing marbleization marbleising marbleisation a texture like that of marble.
cloudlessness the lightness of a sunny day when there are no clouds in the sky.
brightness the location of a visual perception along a continuum from black to white.
dullness a lack of visual brightness; "the brightness of the orange sky was reflected in the dullness of the orange sea".
subduedness dimness the property of lights or sounds that lack brilliance or are reduced in intensity.
matte matt mat lustrelessness lusterlessness flatness the property of having little or no contrast; lacking highlights or gloss.
mellowness a soft shade of a color; "a mellowness of light and shade not attainable in marble".
achromia an absence of normal pigmentation especially in the skin (as in albinism) or in red blood cells.
achromatic_colour achromatic_color a color lacking hue; white or grey or black.
inkiness blackness black the quality or state of the achromatic color of least lightness (bearing the least resemblance to white).
soot_black sable pitch_black jet_black ebony coal_black a very dark black.
whiteness white the quality or state of the achromatic color of greatest lightness (bearing the least resemblance to black).
chalk a pure flat white with little reflectance.
greyness grey grayness gray a neutral achromatic color midway between white and black.
tattletale_grey tattletale_gray a greyish white.
redness red red color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of blood.
carmine cardinal a variable color averaging a vivid red.
burgundy a dark purplish-red to blackish-red color.
oxblood_red a dark brownish-red color.
yellowness yellow yellow color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of sunflowers or ripe lemons.
canary_yellow canary a moderate yellow with a greenish tinge.
brownish_yellow a yellow color of low lightness with a brownish tinge.
old_gold a dark yellow.
olive_green olive-green a color that is lighter and greener than olive.
navy_blue navy dark_blue a dark shade of blue.
mauve a moderate purple.
pink a light shade of red.
pinkness the quality of being pink.
coral a variable color averaging a deep pink.
brownness brown an orange of low brightness and saturation.
mocha a dark brown color.
chromatism abnormal pigmentation.
melanoderma abnormally dark skin caused by increased deposits of melatonin.
depigmentation absence or loss of pigmentation (or less than normal pigmentation) in the skin or hair.
wanness pallor pallidness paleness luridness lividness lividity achromasia unnatural lack of color in the skin (as from bruising or sickness or emotional distress).
sallowness a sickly yellowish skin color.
whiteness lightness or fairness of complexion; "only the whiteness of her cheeks gave any indication of the stress from which she was suffering".
darkness having a dark or somber color.
stinkiness rankness malodorousness foulness fetidness the attribute of having a strong offensive smell.
body_odour body_odor b.o. malodorousness resulting from a failure to bathe.
silence quiet the absence of sound; "he needed silence in order to sleep"; "the street was quiet".
speechlessness the property of being speechless.
dissonance disagreeable sounds.
discordance discord a harsh mixture of sounds.
inharmoniousness disharmony a lack of harmony.
cacophony loud confusing disagreeable sounds.
deepness a low pitch that is loud and voluminous.
resonance the quality imparted to voiced speech sounds by the action of the resonating chambers of the throat and mouth and nasal cavities.
roughness harshness the quality of being unpleasant (harsh or rough or grating) to the senses.
huskiness hoarseness gruffness a throaty harshness.
nasality a quality of the voice that is produced by nasal resonators.
piano pianissimo (music) low loudness.
taste_property a property appreciated via the sense of taste.
sharpness raciness pungency bite a strong odor or taste property; "the pungency of mustard"; "the sulfurous bite of garlic"; "the sharpness of strange spices"; "the raciness of the wine".
pepperiness hotness a hot spiciness.
sourness sour acidity the property of being acidic.
tartness acerbity a sharp sour taste.
vinegarishness vinegariness a sourness resembling that of vinegar.
saccharinity the excessive sweetness of saccharin.
sugariness the sweetness of sugar.
bitterness bitter the property of having a harsh unpleasant taste.
acerbity a sharp bitterness.
acridness acridity extreme bitterness; "the acridity of alkali".
appetizingness appetisingness the property of stimulating the appetite.
savoriness flavoursomeness flavorsomeness having an appetizing flavor.
succulency succulence juiciness a juicy appetizingness.
unpalatableness unpalatability the property of being unacceptable to the mouth.
insipidness insipidity blandness lacking any distinctive or interesting taste property.
indigestibleness indigestibility the property of being difficult to digest.
ectomorphy asthenic_type slender, weak, and lightweight.
oleaginousness oiliness greasiness consisting of or covered with oil.
obesity fleshiness corpulency more than average fatness.
exogenous_obesity obesity caused by overeating.
skinniness scrawniness the bodily property of lacking flesh.
maceration gauntness emaciation bonyness boniness extreme leanness (usually caused by starvation or disease).
clumsiness awkwardness the carriage of someone whose movements and posture are ungainly or inelegant.
ungracefulness gracelessness an unpleasant lack of grace in carriage or form or movement or expression.
ungainliness gawkiness the carriage of someone whose movements and posture are extremely ungainly and inelegant.
stiffness the property of moving with pain or difficulty; "he awoke with a painful stiffness in his neck".
lifelessness inanimateness not having life.
insentience lacking consciousness or ability to perceive sensations.
sexlessness asexuality having no evident sex or sex organs.
windage wind_deflection the deflection of a projectile resulting from the effects of wind.
low_temperature frigidness frigidity coldness cold the absence of heat; "the coldness made our breath visible"; "come in out of the cold"; "cold is a vasoconstrictor".
iciness gelidity chill coldness due to a cold environment.
nip coolness chilliness the property of being moderately cold; "the chilliness of early morning".
frostiness coldness as evidenced by frost.
cool the quality of being at a refreshingly low temperature; "the cool of early morning".
torridity extreme heat.
tepidness tepidity lukewarmness a warmness resembling the temperature of the skin.
invisibleness invisibility the quality of not being perceivable by the eye.
inaudibleness inaudibility the quality of not being perceptible by the ear.
imperceptibility the property of being imperceptible by the mind or the senses.
sensitivity sensitiveness the ability to respond to physical stimuli or to register small physical amounts or differences; "a galvanometer of extreme sensitivity"; "the sensitiveness of Mimosa leaves does not depend on a change of growth".
pliability bendability the property of being easily bent without breaking.
inelasticity the lack of elasticity.
deadness the physical property of something that has lost its elasticity; "he objected to the deadness of the tennis balls".
stiffness the physical property of being inflexible and hard to bend.
rigidness rigidity the physical property of being stiff and resisting bending.
unmalleability a lack of malleability.
inflexibleness inflexibility a lack of physical flexibility.
dead_weight a heavy motionless weight.
throw-weight the weight of the payload of a missile (not including the weight of the rocket).
sinew muscularity muscle heftiness brawniness brawn possessing muscular strength.
power mightiness might physical strength.
toughness ruggedness huskiness the property of being big and strong.
invincibility indomitability the property being difficult or impossible to defeat.
sufferance patient endurance especially of pain or distress.
long-suffering long-sufferance patient endurance of pain or unhappiness.
invulnerability the property of being invulnerable; the property of being incapable of being hurt (physically or emotionally).
sea_power naval strength.
strength forcefulness force physical energy or intensity; "he hit with all the force he could muster"; "it was destroyed by the strength of the gale"; "a government has not the vitality and forcefulness of a living man".
brunt main force of a blow etc; "bore the brunt of the attack".
zip vigour vigor energy forceful exertion; "he plays tennis with great energy"; "he's full of zip".
strenuosity athleticism intense energy; "his music is characterized by a happy athleticism".
intensiveness intensity high level or degree; the property of being intense.
severity severeness badness used of the degree of something undesirable e.g. pain or weather.
seriousness distressfulness the quality of arousing fear or distress; "he learned the seriousness of his illness".
top the greatest possible intensity; "he screamed at the top of his lungs".
wildness violence vehemence fury furiousness fierceness ferocity the property of being wild or turbulent; "the storm's violence".
hyperacidity excessive acidity.
weakness the property of lacking physical or mental strength; liability to failure under pressure or stress or strain; "his weakness increased as he became older"; "the weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed".
adynamia lack of strength or vigor (especially from illness).
tenuity feebleness the quality of lacking intensity or substance; "a shrill yet sweet tenuity of voice"- Nathaniel Hawthorne.
faintness the property of being without strength; "the faintness or potency of the feeling".
fragility delicacy lack of physical strength.
fatigability susceptibility to fatigue; a tendency to get tired or lose strength.
weak_spot weak_part soft_spot a place of especial vulnerability.
underbelly the quality of being weak or unprotected; "the soft underbelly of the Axis"- Winston Churchill.
vulnerability susceptibility to injury or attack.
assailability vulnerability to forceful attack.
destructibility vulnerability to destruction.
indestructibility the strength to resist destruction.
frangibleness frangibility fragility breakability quality of being easily damaged or destroyed.
exposure vulnerability to the elements; to the action of heat or cold or wind or rain; "exposure to the weather" or "they died from exposure";.
forwardness an advanced stage; "the forwardness of the harvest this year"; "the arts are in no kind of forwardness in this matter".
punctuality promptness the quality or habit of adhering to an appointed time.
tardiness the quality or habit of not adhering to a correct or usual or expected time.
untimeliness unseasonableness being at an inappropriate time.
pastness the quality of being past.
fermata (music) a prolongation of unspecified length on a note or chord or rest.
incessantness incessancy continuousness ceaselessness the quality of something that continues without end or interruption.
perdurability the property of being extremely durable.
impermanency impermanence the property of not existing for indefinitely long durations.
immortality the quality or state of being immortal.
precipitation hurry hurriedness hastiness haste overly eager speed (and possible carelessness); "he soon regretted his haste".
gradualness graduality the quality of being gradual or of coming about by gradual stages.
unhurriedness slowness deliberation deliberateness a rate demonstrating an absence of haste or hurry.
leisureliness slowness by virtue of being leisurely.
procrastination dilatoriness slowness as a consequence of not getting around to it.
topography the configuration of a surface and the relations among its man-made and natural features.
imbalance dissymmetry asymmetry (mathematics) a lack of symmetry.
irregularity geometrical_irregularity an irregular asymmetry in shape; an irregular spatial pattern.
skewness lopsidedness an oblique or slanting asymmetry.
radial_asymmetry the absence of symmetry about an axis.
perpendicularity the quality of being at right angles to a given line or plane (especially the plane of the horizon).
stratification a layered configuration.
misalignment the spatial property of things that are not properly aligned.
dead_centre dead_center the position of a crank when it is in line with the connecting rod and not exerting torque.
anteriority the quality of being in front or (in lower animals) toward the head.
inwardness the quality or state of being inward or internal; "the inwardness of the body's organs".
misplacement malposition faulty position.
horizontality the quality of being parallel to the horizon; "houses with a pronounced horizontality".
openness without obstructions to passage or view; "the openness of the prairies".
patency the openness (lack of obstruction) of a bodily passage or duct.
sporting_chance fair_chance a reasonable probability of success.
slim_chance fat_chance little or no chance of success.
level grade degree a position on a scale of intensity or amount or quality; "a moderate grade of intelligence"; "a high level of care is required"; "it is all a matter of degree".
grind the grade of particle fineness to which a substance is ground; "a coarse grind of coffee".
degree the seriousness of something (e.g., a burn or crime); "murder in the second degree"; "a second degree burn".
regular a garment size for persons of average height and weight.
low a low level or position or degree; "the stock market fell to a new low".
lowness a low or small degree of any quality (amount or force or temperature etc.); "he took advantage of the lowness of interest rates".
amplitude greatness of magnitude.
amplitude_level the level on a scale of amplitude.
noise_level background_level the amplitude level of the undesired background noise.
size the physical magnitude of something (how big it is); "a wolf is about the size of a large dog".
light_intensity candlepower luminous intensity measured in candelas.
gigantism giantism excessive largeness of stature.
largeness extensiveness large or extensive in breadth or importance or comprehensiveness; "the might have repercussions of unimaginable largeness"; "the very extensiveness of his power was a temptation to abuse it".
grain the smallest possible unit of anything; "there was a grain of truth in what he said"; "he does not have a grain of sense".
negativity negativeness an amount less than zero.
free_fall fall2 drop dip a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity; "a drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index"; "there was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery"; "a dip in prices"; "when that became known the price of their stock went into free fall".
sufficiency adequacy the quality of being sufficient for the end in view; "he questioned the sufficiency of human intelligence".
ampleness the property of being more than sufficient; comfortable sufficiency; "the ampleness of her servings more than satisfied his hunger".
insufficiency inadequacy deficiency lack of an adequate quantity or number; "the inadequacy of unemployment benefits".
scantness scantiness poorness meagreness meagerness leanness exiguity the quality of being meager; "an exiguity of cloth that would only allow of miniature capes"-George Eliot.
abstemiousness restricted to bare necessities.
thinness sparsity sparseness spareness the property of being scanty or scattered; lacking denseness.
bounty bountifulness amplitude the property of copious abundance.
plenty plentitude plentifulness plenteousness plenitude a full supply; "there was plenty of food for everyone".
voluptuousness luxuriance lushness the property of being lush and abundant and a pleasure to the senses.
overgrowth a profusion of growth on or over something else.
scarcity scarceness a small and inadequate amount.
paucity dearth an insufficient quantity or number.
rarity rareness infrequency noteworthy scarcity.
immoderation immoderateness the quality of being excessive and lacking in moderation.
outrageousness exorbitance excessive excess.
surfeit oversupply glut the quality of being so overabundant that prices fall.
bellyful an undesirable overabundance; "a bellyful of your complaints".
redundancy redundance the attribute of being superfluous and unneeded; "the use of industrial robots created redundancy among workers".
number figure the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals; "he had a number of chores to do"; "the number of parameters is small"; "the figure was about a thousand".
numerousness numerosity multiplicity a large number.
innumerableness countlessness a number beyond counting.
fewness the quality of being small in number.
coverage the extent to which something is covered; "the dictionary's coverage of standard English is excellent".
limit boundary bound the greatest possible degree of something; "what he did was beyond the bounds of acceptable behavior"; "to the limit of his ability".
knife-edge a narrow boundary; "he lived on a knife-edge between genius and insanity".
uttermost utmost maximum level_best the greatest possible degree; "he tried his utmost".
arm's_length a distance sufficient to exclude intimacy.
service_ceiling combat_ceiling altitude above which a plane cannot climb faster than a given rate.
profundity profoundness deepness the quality of being physically deep; "the profundity of the mine was almost a mile".
shallowness the quality of lacking physical depth; "take into account the shallowness at that end of the pool before you dive".
lowness the quality of being low; lacking height; "he was suddenly aware of the lowness of the ceiling".
fault demerit the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection; "they discussed the merits and demerits of her novel"; "he knew his own faults much better than she did".
worthlessness ineptitude having no qualities that would render it valuable or useful; "the drill sergeant's intent was to convince all the recruits of their worthlessness".
idleness groundlessness the quality of lacking substance or value; "the groundlessness of their report was quickly recognized".
trashiness shoddiness the quality of being cheaply imitative of something better.
vanity emptiness the quality of being valueless or futile; "he rejected the vanities of the world".
badness bad that which is below standard or expectations as of ethics or decency; "take the bad with the good".
worse something inferior in quality or condition or effect; "for better or for worse"; "accused of cheating and lying and worse".
evil that which causes harm or destruction or misfortune; "the evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their bones"- Shakespeare.
sumptuousness sumptuosity luxury lavishness the quality possessed by something that is excessively expensive.
unproductiveness the quality of lacking the power to produce.
romanticism impractical romantic ideals and attitudes.
impracticableness impracticability the quality of not being usable.
unfeasibility infeasibility the quality of not being doable.
incompetency incompetence lack of physical or intellectual ability or qualifications.
help assistance aid a resource; "visual aids in teaching".
resourcefulness the quality of being able to cope with a difficult situation; "a man of great resourcefulness".
weak_point an attribute that is inadequate or deficient.
unsoundness not mentally or physically healthy; "no one can be a poet without a certain unsoundness of mind".
liability the quality of being something that holds you back.
disadvantage the quality of having an inferior or less favorable position.
unfavourableness unfavorableness the quality of not being encouraging or indicative of success.
unpropitiousness inauspiciousness the quality of suggesting an unsuccessful result.
shortcoming defect a failing or deficiency; "that interpretation is an unfortunate defect of our lack of information".
nuisance_value awkwardness the quality of an embarrassing situation; "he sensed the awkwardness of his proposal".
loss deprivation the disadvantage that results from losing something; "his loss of credibility led to his resignation"; "losing him is no great deprivation".
penalty (games) a handicap or disadvantage that is imposed on a competitor (or a team) for an infraction of the rules of the game.
gimmick catch a drawback or difficulty that is not readily evident; "it sounds good but what's the catch?".
penalty the disadvantage or painful consequences of an action or condition; "neglected his health and paid the penalty".
inadvisability the quality of being ill-advised.
unfavorable_position inferiority the quality of being a competitive disadvantage.
unprofitableness unprofitability the quality of affording no gain or no benefit or no profit.
destructiveness the quality of causing destruction.
injuriousness harmfulness destructiveness that causes harm or injury.
insidiousness subtle and cumulative harmfulness (especially of a disease).
poison anything that harms or destroys; "the poison of fascism".
pushiness forwardness cockiness bumptiousness offensive boldness and assertiveness.
negativity negativism negativeness characterized by habitual skepticism and a disagreeable tendency to deny or oppose or resist suggestions or commands.
face1 status in the eyes of others; "he lost face".
matter (used with negation) having consequence; "they were friends and it was no matter who won the games".
hell_to_pay dire consequences; "when the pig ran away there was hell to pay".
unimportance the quality of not being important or worthy of note.
inessentiality not of basic importance.
triviality slightness puniness pettiness the quality of being unimportant and petty or frivolous.
joke a triviality not to be taken seriously; "I regarded his campaign for mayor as a joke".
inconsequence having no important effects or influence.
title0 claim an informal right to something; "his claim on her attentions"; "his title to fame".
physician-patient_privilege the right of a physician to refuse to divulge confidential information from a patient without the consent of the patient.
right_to_the_pursuit_of_happiness the right to try to find happiness.
right_of_privacy a legal right (not explicitly provided in the United States Constitution) to be left alone; the right to live life free from unwarranted publicity.
irresistibleness irresistibility the quality of being overpowering and impossible to resist.
repellent repellant the power to repel; "she knew many repellents to his advances".
hydrophobicity the property of being water-repellent; tending to repel and not absorb water.
hold power by which something or someone is affected or dominated; "he has a hold over them".
iron_fist rigorous or ruthless control; "she rules the office with an iron fist"; "it takes an iron fist to contain the dissenting factions".
imperium supreme authority; absolute dominion.
lordship the authority of a lord.
contractility the capability or quality of shrinking or contracting, especially by muscle fibers and even some other forms of living matter.
defensibility capability of being defended; "they built their castles with an eye to their defensibility"; "client complaints create a felt need for the defensibility of individual actions".
powerlessness impotency impotence the quality of lacking strength or power; being weak and feeble.
weakness impuissance helplessness powerlessness revealed by an inability to act; "in spite of their weakness the group remains active".
unpersuasiveness inability to persuade.
uninterestingness inability to capture or hold one's interest.
tiresomeness tedium tediousness dullness owing to length or slowness.
drag something tedious and boring; "peeling potatoes is a drag".
ponderousness heaviness an oppressive quality that is laborious and solemn and lacks grace or fluency; "a book so serious that it sometimes subsided into ponderousness"; "his lectures tend to heaviness and repetition".
unfitness inability lacking the power to perform.
incapableness incapability the quality of not being capable -- physically or intellectually or legally.
incapacity lack of physical or natural qualifications.
ineffectualness ineffectuality ineffectiveness lacking the power to be effective.
inefficacy inefficaciousness a lack of efficacy.
stardust a dreamy romantic or sentimental quality.
unboundedness limitlessness infinitude infiniteness boundlessness the quality of being infinite; without bound or limit.
stuff unspecified qualities required to do or be something; "the stuff of heros"; "you don't have the stuff to be a United States Marine".
poignancy pathos a quality that arouses emotions (especially pity or sorrow); "the film captured all the pathos of their situation".
pessimism a general disposition to look on the dark side and to expect the worst in all things.
brachycephaly brachycephalism the quality of being brachycephalic.
dolichocephaly dolichocephalism the quality of being dolichocephalic.
relativity the quality of being relative and having significance only in relation to something else.
unresponsiveness deadness the quality of being unresponsive; not reacting; as a quality of people, it is marked by a failure to respond quickly or with emotion to people or events; "she began to recover from her numb unresponsiveness after the accident"; "in an instant all the deadness and withdrawal were wiped away".
resistance the degree of unresponsiveness of a disease-causing microorganism to antibiotics or other drugs (as in penicillin-resistant bacteria).
snootiness the quality of being snooty; "he disliked his neighbors' snootiness".
unsolvability insolubility the property (of a problem or difficulty) that makes it impossible to solve.
nasal_septum a partition of bone and cartilage between the nasal cavities.
gnathion the most inferior point of the mandible in the midline.
aortic_plexus a plexus of lymph nodes in the lower portion of the abdominal aorta.
plexus_autonomici autonomic_plexus a plexus of sympathetic and parasympathetic nerve fibers.
buff bare skin; naked; "swimming in the buff".
plaque (pathology) a small abnormal patch on or inside the body.
macule macula a patch of skin that is discolored but not usually elevated; caused by various diseases.
liver_spot a type of skin disease that causes brown spots on the skin.
spiracle a breathing orifice.
venous_sinus sinus a wide channel containing blood; does not have the coating of an ordinary blood vessel.
sinus_sigmoideus sigmoid_sinus an S-shaped dural sinus on the temporal and occipital bones.
ingrown_hair a hair that does not emerge from the follicle but remains embedded in the skin (usually causing inflammation).
beehive a hairdo resembling a beehive.
marcel a hairdo characterized by deep regular waves that are made by a heated curling iron.
beaver a full beard.
walrus_mustache walrus_moustache a bushy droopy mustache.
papanicolaou_smear pap_smear cervical_smear a sample of secretions and superficial cells of the uterine cervix and uterus; examined with a microscope to detect any abnormal cells.
flab loose or flaccid body fat.
os bone rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates.
wrist_bone carpal_bone carpal any of the eight small bones of the wrist of primates.
carpal_tunnel a passageway in the wrist through which nerves and the flexor muscles of the hands pass.
semilunar_bone os_lunatum lunate_bone one of the eight small wrist bones.
triquetral_bone triquetral pyramidal_bone os_triquetrum cuneiform_bone a wrist bone that articulates with the pisiform and hamate and lunate bones.
cartilage_bone any bone that develops within cartilage rather than a fibrous tissue.
collagen a fibrous scleroprotein in bone and cartilage and tendon and other connective tissue; yields gelatin on boiling.
gristle cartilage tough elastic tissue; mostly converted to bone in adults.
striated_muscle_tissue muscle tissue characterized by transverse stripes.
yap trap maw hole gob cakehole informal terms for the mouth.
incompetent_cervix (obstetrics) uterine cervix that becomes dilated before term and without labor often resulting in miscarriage or premature birth.
gum gingiva the tissue (covered by mucous membrane) of the jaws that surrounds the bases of the teeth.
malposed_tooth a tooth that has grown in a faulty position.
protective_fold a flap of tissue that protects what it covers.
canthus either of the corners of the eye where the upper and lower eyelids meet.
rectus any of various straight muscles.
cauliflower_ear an auricle deformed by injury; common among boxers.
perforated_eardrum an eardrum with a hole or tear in it; can interfere with normal hearing and cause other ear problems.
thymus_gland thymus a ductless glandular organ at the base of the neck that produces lymphocytes and aids in producing immunity; atrophies with age.
inferior_cerebellar_artery the inferior branch of the cerebellar artery.
vena_centralis_glandulae_suprarenalis central_vein_of_suprarenal_gland a single draining vein; on the right it empties into the inferior vena cava; on the left it empties into the left renal vein.
venae_cerebrum_inferior inferior_cerebral_vein veins that drain the undersurface of the cerebral hemispheres and empty into the cavernous and transverse sinuses.
costoaxillary_vein one of several veins connecting intercostal veins with the lateral thoracic vein or the thoracoepigastric vein.
vena_hepatica hepatic_vein a vein that drains the liver; empties into the vena cava.
vena_labialis_inferior inferior_labial_vein a tributary of the facial vein that drains the lower lip.
vena_gastrica_sinistra left_gastric_vein arises from a union of veins from the gastric cardia; runs in the lesser omentum; empties into the portal vein.
vena_ovarica ovarian_vein one of the veins that drain the ovaries; the right opens into the inferior vena cava; the left opens into the left renal vein.
vena_pulmanalis_inferior inferior_pulmonary_vein either of two pulmonary veins (left and right) returning blood from the inferior lobes of the lungs.
vena_sigmoideus sigmoid_vein tributaries of the inferior mesenteric vein; drains the sigmoid colon.
vena_tibialis tibial_vein veins of the lower leg; empty into the popliteal vein.
hepatic_duct the duct that drains bile from the liver.
biliary_ductule excretory ducts of the liver; empty into the hepatic ducts.
truncus_atrioventricularis bundle_of_his atrioventricular_trunk atrioventricular_bundle a bundle of modified heart muscle that transmits the cardiac impulse from the atrioventricular node to the ventricles causing them to contract.
cord_blood blood obtained from the umbilical cord at birth.
whole_blood blood that has not been modified except for the addition of an anticoagulant; "whole blood is normally used in blood transfusions".
plasma plasm blood_plasma the colorless watery fluid of the blood and lymph that contains no cells, but in which the blood cells (erythrocytes, leukocytes, and thrombocytes) are suspended.
gall bile a digestive juice secreted by the liver and stored in the gallbladder; aids in the digestion of fats.