
tank consume excessive amounts of alcohol.
ruminate chew the cuds; "cows ruminate".
chomp champ chew noisily; "The boy chomped his sandwich".
mumble gum grind with the gums; chew without teeth and with great difficulty; "the old man had no teeth left and mumbled his food".
wine treat to wine; "Our relatives in Italy wined and dined us for a week".
alcoholize subject to the influence of alcohol; "After we finished dinner, we were thoroughly alcoholized".
scavenge feed on carrion or refuse; "hyenas scavenge".
undernourish malnourish provide with insufficient quality or quantity of nourishment; "The stunted growth of these children shows that they are undernourished".
overfeed feed excessively.
force-feed feed someone who will not or cannot eat.
feed0 feast gratify; "feed one's eyes on a gorgeous view".
remount provide with fresh horses; "remount a regiment".
starve deprive of a necessity and cause suffering; "he is starving her of love"; "The engine was starved of fuel".
starve hunger famish be hungry; go without food; "Let's eat--I'm starving!".
need have or feel a need for; "always needing friends and money".
keep_off avoid refrain from certain foods or beverages; "I keep off drugs"; "During Ramadan, Muslims avoid tobacco during the day".
souse soak inebriate hit_it_up become drunk or drink excessively.
revel enjoy delight take delight in; "he delights in his granddaughter".
have_a_good_time have_a_ball enjoy oneself greatly; "We had a ball at the party and didn't come home until 2 AM".
live_it_up enjoy oneself; "it's your birthday, so let's live it up!".
surfeit indulge (one's appetite) to satiety.
satiate sate replete fill fill to satisfaction; "I am sated".
stay1 quell appease overcome or allay; "quell my hunger".
refrain desist abstain choose not to consume; "I abstain from alcohol".
raven pig guttle devour eat greedily; "he devoured three sandwiches".
chaw chew without swallowing; "chaw tobacco".
munch crunch chew noisily; "The children crunched the celery sticks".
touch1 disturb tamper with; "Don't touch my CDs!".
break_in intrude on uninvited; "The nosy couple broke in on our conversation".
stub extinguish by crushing; "stub out your cigarette now".
fumble handle clumsily.
paw touch clumsily; "The man tried to paw her".
wield manage handle handle effectively; "The burglar wielded an axe"; "The young violinist didn't manage her bow very well".
canoodle fondle or pet affectionately.
probe poke_into dig_into examine physically with or as if with a probe; "probe an anthill".
invade penetrate or assault, in a harmful or injurious way; "The cancer had invaded her lungs".
stab prod poke jab dig poke or thrust abruptly; "he jabbed his finger into her ribs".
maul mangle injure badly by beating.
smear daub cover (a surface) by smearing (a substance) over it; "smear the wall with paint"; "daub the ceiling with plaster".
thud strike with a dull sound; "Bullets were thudding against the wall".
shoulder carry a burden, either real or metaphoric; "shoulder the burden".
knock bump knock against with force or violence; "My car bumped into the tree".
run_into knock_against jar_against butt_against bump_into collide violently with an obstacle; "I ran into the telephone pole".
vacuum-clean vacuum hoover clean with a vacuum cleaner; "vacuum the carpets".
squeak_through squeak_by escape; "She squeaked by me".
scratch rub fret0 fray chafe cause friction; "my sweater scratches".
scrub scour clean with hard rubbing; "She scrubbed his back".
scour abrade rub hard or scrub; "scour the counter tops".
smear stain by smearing or daubing with a dirty substance.
smirch besmirch smear so as to make dirty or stained.
muddy_up muddy dirty with mud.
excoriate chafe tear or wear off the skin or make sore by abrading; "This leash chafes the dog's neck".
wear_off wear_away diminish, as by friction; "Erosion wore away the surface".
roughcast rough-hew hew roughly, without finishing the surface; "rough-hew stone or timber".
grease lubricate with grease; "grease the wheels".
wash rinse clean with some chemical process.
ruck_up ruck pucker become wrinkled or drawn together; "her lips puckered".
indent dent make a depression into; "The bicycle dented my car".
indent cut or tear along an irregular line so that the parts can later be matched for authentication; "indent the documents".
untie undo loosen cause to become loose; "undo the shoelace"; "untie the knot"; "loosen the necktie".
inosculate anastomose come together or open into each other; "the blood vessels anastomose".
mismate provide with an unsuitable mate.
clog impede the motion of, as with a chain or a burden; "horses were clogged until they were tamed".
unlash untie the lashing of; "unlash the horse".
unbind untie or unfasten; "unbind the feet of this poor woman".
cramp secure with a cramp; "cramp the wood".
grope fumble feel about uncertainly or blindly; "She groped for her glasses in the darkness of the bedroom".
surf browse look around casually and randomly, without seeking anything in particular; "browse a computer directory"; "surf the internet or the world wide web".
fish angle seek indirectly; "fish for compliments".
poison kill with poison; "She poisoned her husband".
poison kill by its poison; "This mushrooms can poison".
kill cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally or knowingly; "This man killed several people when he tried to rob a bank"; "The farmer killed a pig for the holidays".
sacrifice kill or destroy; "The animals were sacrificed after the experiment"; "The general had to sacrifice several soldiers to save the regiment".
put_down destroy put (an animal) to death; "The customs agents destroyed the dog that was found to be rabid"; "the sick cat had to be put down".
waste neutralize neutralise liquidate knock_off do_in get rid of (someone who may be a threat) by killing; "The mafia liquidated the informer"; "the double agent was neutralized".
pall cover with a pall.
tile cover with tiles; "tile the wall and the floor of the bathroom".
wring wrench twist and compress, as if in pain or anguish; "Wring one's hand".
mud plaster with mud.
skimcoat coat with a mixture of gypsum and spackle; "he skimcoated the drywall".
bust break ruin completely; "He busted my radio!".
slush_around slush slosh_around slosh spill or splash copiously or clumsily; "slosh paint all over the walls".
litter make a place messy by strewing garbage around.
slather spread thickly; "I can't eat bagels without slathering them with cream cheese".
rough-sand sand roughly; "rough-sand the door before painting it".
rasp scrape with a rasp.
convulse contract involuntarily, as in a spasm; "The muscles in her face convulsed".
mill roll out (metal) with a rolling machine.
preen plume clean with one's bill; "The birds preened".
whop whap sock bop bonk bash hit hard.
strong-arm use physical force against; "They strong-armed me when I left the restaurant".
soak beat severely.
rough_up treat violently; "The police strong-armed the suspect".
smash nail boom blast hit hard; "He smashed a 3-run homer".
shank hit (a golf ball) with the heel of a club, causing the ball to veer in the wrong direction.
shell hit the pitches of hard and regularly; "He shelled the pitcher for eight runs in the first inning".
whiff strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
manhandle handle roughly; "I was manhandled by the police".
knock_out knock_cold kayo knock unconscious or senseless; "the boxing champion knocked out his opponent in a few seconds".
thwack smack deliver a hard blow to; "The teacher smacked the student who had misbehaved".
whop wham whack wallop hit hard; "The teacher whacked the boy".
thresh thrash lam flail give a thrashing to; beat hard.
fornicate have sex without being married.
breed cause to procreate (animals); "She breeds dogs".
mongrelize mongrelise cause to become a mongrel; "mongrelized dogs".
bring be accompanied by; "Can I bring my cousin to the dinner?".
misdeliver deliver to the wrong address.
gnaw bite or chew on with the teeth; "gnaw an old cracker".
yield1 give3 be flexible under stress of physical force; "This material doesn't give".
tug pull hard; "The prisoner tugged at the chains"; "This movie tugs at the heart strings".
tug pull or strain hard at; "Each oar was tugged by several men".
tug move by pulling hard; "The horse finally tugged the cart out of the mud".
drag pull, as against a resistance; "He dragged the big suitcase behind him"; "These worries were dragging at him".
tug tote lug carry with difficulty; "You'll have to lug this suitcase".
tow drag behind; "Horses used to tow barges along the canal".
run_up hoist raise; "hoist the flags"; "hoist a sail".
upheave lift forcefully from beneath.
evict expel or eject without recourse to legal process; "The landlord wanted to evict the tenants so he banged on the pipes every morning at 3 a.m.".
assume take up someone's soul into heaven; "This is the day when May was assumed into heaven".
snatch nobble kidnap abduct take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom; "The industrialist's son was kidnapped".
expropriate deprive of possessions; "The Communist government expropriated the landowners".
tussle muss make messy or untidy; "the child mussed up my hair".
shade protect from light, heat, or view; "Shade your eyes when you step out into the bright sunlight".
stop0 blockade block_up block_off block barricade bar render unsuitable for passage; "block the way"; "barricade the streets"; "stop the busy road".
trap trammel snare entrap ensnare catch in or as if in a trap; "The men trap foxes".
suspend hang freely; "The secret police suspended their victims from the ceiling and beat them".
surcharge fill to an excessive degree; "The air was surcharged with tension".
misplace place or position wrongly; put in the wrong position; "misplaced modifiers".
misplace mislay lose place (something) where one cannot find it again; "I misplaced my eyeglasses".
stagger distribute0 to arrange in a systematic order; "stagger the chairs in the lecture hall".
stack_up pile_up heap_up arrange into piles or stacks; "She piled up her books in my living room".
mudwrestle mud-wrestle wrestle in mud; "some people enjoy watching people who mudwrestle".
struggle to exert strenuous effort against opposition; "he struggled to get free from the rope".
dash crash0 hurl or thrust violently; "He dashed the plate against the wall"; "Waves were dashing against the rock".
heave throw with great effort.
camp_down camp establish or set up a camp.
blast_off launch with great force; "the rockets were blasted off".
skitter skip skim cause to skip over a surface; "Skip a stone across the pond".
relace lace again; "She relaced her boots".
jam get stuck and immobilized; "the mechanism jammed".
tick_over idle run disconnected or idle; "the engine is idling".
exorcize exorcise expel through adjuration or prayers; "exorcise evil spirits".
puddle dip into mud before planting; "puddle young plants".
stamp emboss boss raise in a relief; "embossed stationery".
make_clean clean make clean by removing dirt, filth, or unwanted substances from; "Clean the stove!"; "The dentist cleaned my teeth".
scavenge clean refuse from; "Scavenge a street".
soil grime dirty colly bemire begrime make soiled, filthy, or dirty; "don't soil your clothes when you play outside!".
splash soil or stain with a splashed liquid.
mud muck_up muck mire soil with mud, muck, or mire; "The child mucked up his shirt while playing ball in the garden".
crock soil with or as with crock.
rinse_off rinse wash off soap or remaining dirt.
stonewash stone-wash wash with stones to achieve a worn appearance; "stonewash blue jeans".
taint sully defile corrupt cloud place under suspicion or cast doubt upon; "sully someone's reputation".
drape place casually; "The cat draped herself on the sofa".
rest not move; be in a resting position.
repose recumb recline lean in a comfortable resting position; "He was reposing on the couch".
repose lie when dead; "Mao reposes in his mausoleum".
bask be exposed; "The seals were basking in the sun".
delete cancel remove or make invisible; "Please delete my name from your list".
disfigure deface blemish mar or spoil the appearance of; "scars defaced her cheeks"; "The vandals disfigured the statue".
worry lacerate by biting; "the dog worried his bone".
collide clash crash together with violent impact; "The cars collided"; "Two meteors clashed".
shock collide violently.
ram crash undergo damage or destruction on impact; "the plane crashed into the ocean"; "The car crashed into the lamp post".
crash cause to crash; "The terrorists crashed the plane into the palace"; "Mother crashed the motorbike into the lamppost".
ruin destroy destroy completely; damage irreparably; "You have ruined my car by pouring sugar in the tank!"; "The tears ruined her make-up".
do_a_job_on destroy completely or make ugly or useless; "The dog did a job on my pillow"; "The seamstress did a job on my wedding gown".
subvert destroy completely; "we must not let our civil liberties be subverted by the current crisis".
get2 overcome or destroy; "The ice storm got my hibiscus"; "the cat got the goldfish".
devour destroy completely; "Fire had devoured our home".
violate spoil rape plunder despoil destroy and strip of its possession; "The soldiers raped the beautiful country".
explode destroy by exploding; "The enemy exploded the bridge".
consume destroy completely; "The fire consumed the building".
shipwreck destroy a ship; "The vessel was shipwrecked".
wreck wrack bust_up smash or break forcefully; "The kid busted up the car".
smash_up smash bang_up damage or destroy as if by violence; "The teenager banged up the car of his mother".
rive rip rend pull2 tear or be torn violently; "The curtain ripped from top to bottom"; "pull the cooked chicken into strips".
tear_up shred rip_up tear into shreds.
grate reduce to small shreds or pulverize by rubbing against a rough or sharp perforated surface; "grate carrots and onions"; "grate nutmeg".
soften cushion buffer protect from impact; "cushion the blow".
slop ladle clumsily; "slop the food onto the plate".
shove push roughly; "the people pushed and shoved to get in line".
deform make formless; "the heat deformed the plastic sculpture".
untangle extricate disentangle disencumber release from entanglement of difficulty; "I cannot extricate myself from this task".
dyke dike enclose with a dike; "dike the land to protect it from water".
trademark brandmark brand mark with a brand or trademark; "when this product is not branded it sells for a lower price".
dip_solder solder by immersion in a bath of molten solder.
close3 bring together all the elements or parts of; "Management closed ranks".
hedge hinder or restrict with or as if with a hedge; "The animals were hedged in".
wipe_out sweep_away eliminate completely and without a trace; "The old values have been wiped out".
wring_from extort get or cause to become in a difficult or laborious manner.
pry prise make an uninvited or presumptuous inquiry; "They pried the information out of him".
manufacture make_up invent fabricate cook_up make up something artificial or untrue.
foresee envision picture to oneself; imagine possible; "I cannot envision him as President".
imagine ideate envisage conceive_of form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case; "Can you conceive of him as the president?".
prefigure imagine or consider beforehand; "It wasn't as bad as I had prefigured".
think imagine or visualize; "Just think--you could be rich one day!"; "Think what a scene it must have been!".
fantasy fantasize fantasise indulge in fantasies; "he is fantasizing when he says he plans to start his own company".
woolgather stargaze dream daydream have a daydream; indulge in a fantasy.
consummate fulfill sexually; "consummate a marriage".
pick provoke; "pick a fight or a quarrel".
dry-wall construct with drywall; "dry-wall the basement of the house".
pulverize pulverise demolish destroy completely; "the wrecking ball demolished the building"; "demolish your enemies"; "pulverize the rebellion before it gets out of hand".
mix_up jumble confuse assemble without order or sense; "She jumbles the words when she is supposed to write a sentence".
dilapidate bring into a condition of decay or partial ruin by neglect or misuse.
tailor cut style and tailor in a certain fashion; "cut a dress".
pipe trim with piping; "pipe the skirt".
tart_up decorate in a cheap and flashy way; "the small-town bar was all tarted up".
bedizen decorate tastelessly.
smelt extract (metals) by heating.
capture succeed in representing or expressing something intangible; "capture the essence of Spring"; "capture an idea".
re-create copy make a replica of; "copy that drawing"; "re-create a picture by Rembrandt".
hectograph copy on a duplicator; "hectograph the hand-outs".
elegize elegise compose an elegy.
miscast cast an actor, singer, or dancer in an unsuitable role.
cut_corners do something the cheapest or easiest way; "Cut corners to make a cheaper product".
sightsing sight-sing sing from a score without having seen it before; "This tenor can sightsing even the most difficult pieces".
simulate sham feign assume make a pretence of; "She assumed indifference, even though she was seething with anger"; "he feigned sleep".
feint deceive by a mock action; "The midfielder feinted to shoot".
throw_together fudge_together produce shoddily, without much attention to detail.
overcultivate overcrop to exhaust by excessive cultivation; "the farmers overcropped the land".
misprint print incorrectly.
copy copy down as is; "The students were made to copy the alphabet over and over".
blast make with or as if with an explosion; "blast a tunnel through the Alps".
prick to cause a sharp emotional pain; "The thought of her unhappiness pricked his conscience".
stir stimulate shake_up shake excite stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of; "These stories shook the community"; "the civil war shook the country".
fuel stimulate; "fuel the debate on creationism".
turn_on rouse excite commove charge_up charge4 agitate cause to be agitated, excited, or roused; "The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks".
spill_over overflow bubble_over overflow with a certain feeling; "The children bubbled over with joy"; "My boss was bubbling over with anger".
psych_up hype_up get excited or stimulated; "The children were all psyched up after the movie".
simmer_down settle_down cool_off cool_it chill_out calm_down calm become quiet or calm, especially after a state of agitation; "After the fight both men need to cool off."; "It took a while after the baby was born for things to settle down again.".
unhinge trouble perturb distract disquiet disorder cark disturb in mind or make uneasy or cause to be worried or alarmed; "She was rather perturbed by the news that her father was seriously ill".
worry vex disturb the peace of mind of; afflict with mental agitation or distress; "I cannot sleep--my daughter's health is worrying me".
nag worry persistently; "nagging concerns and doubts".
worry be worried, concerned, anxious, troubled, or uneasy; "I worry about my job".
fret be agitated or irritated; "don't fret over these small details".
seethe boil be in an agitated emotional state; "The customer was seething with anger".
sizzle seethe with deep anger or resentment; "She was sizzling with anger".
strike_dumb render speechless, as by surprising or shocking; "we were struck dumb by the candidate's announcement".
jar affect in a disagreeable way; "This play jarred the audience".
cloud make gloomy or depressed; "Their faces were clouded with sadness".
upset trouble disturb move deeply; "This book upset me"; "A troubling thought".
touch stir affect emotionally; "A stirring movie"; "I was touched by your kind letter of sympathy".
feel experience undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind; "She felt resentful"; "He felt regret".
pride plume congratulate be proud of; "He prides himself on making it into law school".
excite arouse or elicit a feeling.
resent feel bitter or indignant about; "She resents being paid less than her co-workers".
envenom embitter acerbate cause to be bitter or resentful; "These injustices embittered her even more".
rankle grate fret eat_into gnaw into; make resentful or angry; "The injustice rankled her"; "his resentment festered".
stew grudge bear a grudge; harbor ill feelings.
hate detest dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards; "I hate Mexican food"; "She detests politicians".
loathe execrate abominate abhor find repugnant; "I loathe that man"; "She abhors cats".
scorn disdain despise contemn look down on with disdain; "He despises the people he has to work for"; "The professor scorns the students who don't catch on immediately".
dislike have or feel a dislike or distaste for; "I really dislike this salesman".
awe inspire awe in; "The famous professor awed the undergraduates".
overawe cow subdue, restrain, or overcome by affecting with a feeling of awe; frighten (as with threats).
buffalo intimidate or overawe.
fear dread be afraid or scared of; be frightened of; "I fear the winters in Moscow"; "We should not fear the Communists!".
fear be uneasy or apprehensive about; "I fear the results of the final exams".
fear be sorry; used to introduce an unpleasant statement; "I fear I won't make it to your wedding party".
fear be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event; "I fear she might get aggressive".
panic be overcome by a sudden fear; "The students panicked when told that final exams were less than a week away".
quail_at apprehend anticipate with dread or anxiety.
die be brought to or as if to the point of death by an intense emotion such as embarrassment, amusement, or shame; "I was dying with embarrassment when my little lie was discovered"; "We almost died laughing during the show".
crock_up crack_up crack collapse break_up suffer a nervous breakdown.
combust cause to become violent or angry; "Riots combusted Pakistan after the U.S. air attacks on Afghanistan".
miff cause to be annoyed; "His behavior really miffed me".
see_red anger become angry; "He angers easily".
chafe feel extreme irritation or anger; "He was chafing at her suggestion that he stay at home while she went on a vacation".
peeve cause to be annoyed, irritated, or resentful.
ruffle trouble or vex; "ruffle somebody's composure".
fret cause annoyance in.
pique offend cause to feel resentment or indignation; "Her tactless remark offended me".
provoke plague molest hassle harry harass chivy chivvy chevy chevvy beset annoy continually or chronically; "He is known to harry his staff when he is overworked"; "This man harasses his female co-workers".
upset untune disconcert discompose discomfit cause to lose one's composure.
fluster cause to be nervous or upset.
put_off flurry disconcert confuse cause to feel embarrassment; "The constant attention of the young man confused her".
consternate fill with anxiety, dread, dismay, or confusion; "After the terrorist attack, people look consternated".
throw discombobulate bewilder bemuse cause to be confused emotionally.
bother make confused or perplexed or puzzled.
embarrass abash cause to be embarrassed; cause to feel self-conscious.
shame cause to be ashamed.
discountenance look with disfavor on; "The republic soon discountenanced its few friends".
pain hurt anguish cause emotional anguish or make miserable; "It pains me to see my children not being taught well in school".
wound spite offend injure hurt bruise hurt the feelings of; "She hurt me when she did not include me among her guests"; "This remark really bruised my ego".
lacerate deeply hurt the feelings of; distress; "his lacerating remarks".
sting cause an emotional pain, as if by stinging; "His remark stung her".
niggle fuss fret worry unnecessarily or excessively; "don't fuss too much over the grandchildren--they are quite big now".
agonize agonise suffer agony or anguish.
agonize agonise cause to agonize.
suffer experience (emotional) pain; "Every time her husband gets drunk, she suffers".
anguish suffer great pains or distress.
lose suffer the loss of a person through death or removal; "She lost her husband in the war"; "The couple that wanted to adopt the child lost her when the biological parents claimed her".
fume be mad, angry, or furious.
throw_a_fit lose_one's_temper hit_the_roof hit_the_ceiling have_kittens have_a_fit go_ballistic fly_off_the_handle flip_one's_wig flip_one's_lid combust blow_up blow_one's_stack blow_a_fuse get very angry and fly into a rage; "The professor combusted when the student didn't know the answer to a very elementary question"; "Spam makes me go ballistic".
enrage put into a rage; make violently angry.
rage feel intense anger; "Rage against the dying of the light!".
froth_at_the_mouth foam_at_the_mouth be in a state of uncontrolled anger.
vibrate tickle thrill feel sudden intense sensation or emotion; "he was thrilled by the speed and the roar of the engine".
rue repent regret feel remorse for; feel sorry for; be contrite about.
regret feel sad about the loss or absence of.
mourn feel sadness; "She is mourning her dead child".
sorrow grieve feel grief.
grieve aggrieve cause to feel sorrow; "his behavior grieves his mother".
afflict cause great unhappiness for; distress; "she was afflicted by the death of her parents".
tribulate oppress or trouble greatly.
distress cause mental pain to; "The news of her child's illness distressed the mother".
besiege cause to feel distressed or worried; "She was besieged by so many problems that she got discouraged".
try give pain or trouble to; "I've been sorely tried by these students".
let_down disappoint fail to meet the hopes or expectations of; "Her boyfriend let her down when he did not propose marriage".
fail betray disappoint, prove undependable to; abandon, forsake; "His sense of smell failed him this time"; "His strength finally failed him"; "His children failed him in the crisis".
hamstring make ineffective or powerless; "The teachers were hamstrung by the overly rigid schedules".
mortify humiliate humble chagrin abase cause to feel shame; hurt the pride of; "He humiliated his colleague by criticising him in front of the boss".
smash demolish crush humiliate or depress completely; "She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation"; "The death of her son smashed her".
take_down put_down disgrace demean degrade reduce in worth or character, usually verbally; "She tends to put down younger women colleagues"; "His critics took him down after the lecture".
efface make inconspicuous; "efface oneself".
reduce lower in grade or rank or force somebody into an undignified situation; "She reduced her niece to a servant".
humble cause to be unpretentious; "This experience will humble him".
mortify practice self-denial of one's body and appetites.
lament keen express grief verbally; "we lamented the death of the child".
torment rag frustrate dun crucify bedevil treat cruelly; "The children tormented the stuttering teacher".
tease pester bug beleaguer badger annoy persistently; "The children teased the boy because of his stammer".
manipulate keep_in_line control control (others or oneself) or influence skillfully, usually to one's advantage; "She manipulates her boss"; "She is a very controlling mother and doesn't let her children grow up"; "The teacher knew how to keep the class in line"; "she keeps in line".
look_to look_for anticipate be excited or anxious about.
warm_to become excited about; "He warmed to the idea of a trip to Antarctica".
mope moon_around moon_about be apathetic, gloomy, or dazed.
stew grizzle brood be in a huff; be silent or sullen.
miss feel or suffer from the lack of; "He misses his mother".
poise brace prepare (oneself) for something unpleasant or difficult.
steel nerve get ready for something difficult or unpleasant.
antagonize antagonise provoke the hostility of; "Don't antagonize your boss".
sicken revolt nauseate disgust churn_up cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of; "The pornographic pictures sickened us".
turn_off put_off cause to feel intense dislike or distaste.
repulse repel be repellent to; cause aversion in.
benight overtake with darkness or night.
stagger astound or overwhelm, as with shock; "She was staggered with bills after she tried to rebuild her house following the earthquake".
shock scandalize scandalise outrage offend appall appal strike with disgust or revulsion; "The scandalous behavior of this married woman shocked her friends".
puff make proud or conceited; "The sudden fame puffed her ego".
sadden come to feel sad.
weigh_on weigh_down be oppressive or disheartening to.
get_down dispirit dismay depress demoralize demoralise deject cast_down lower someone's spirits; make downhearted; "These news depressed her"; "The bad state of her child's health demoralizes her".
abreact discharge bad feelings or tension through verbalization.
discontent make dissatisfied.
displease give displeasure to.
spur goad give heart or courage to.
chill depress or discourage; "The news of the city's surrender chilled the soldiers".
discourage deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
put_off dishearten take away the enthusiasm of.
throw_cold_water_on pour_cold_water_on be discouraging or negative about.
pother make upset or troubled.
startle galvanize galvanise to stimulate to action ; "..startled him awake"; "galvanized into action".
sympathize_with pity feel_for condole_with compassionate share the suffering of.
sympathize sympathise commiserate to feel or express sympathy or compassion.
condole express one's sympathetic grief, on the occasion of someone's death; "You must condole the widow".
give_a_hoot give_a_hang give_a_damn care_a_hang show no concern or interest; always used in the negative; "I don't give a hoot"; "She doesn't give a damn about her job".
wish hope for; have a wish; "I wish I could go home now".
wish_well wish feel or express a desire or hope concerning the future or fortune of.
resent begrudge wish ill or allow unwillingly.
covet wish, long, or crave for (something, especially the property of another person); "She covets her sister's house".
go_to_pieces fall_apart lose one's emotional or mental composure; "She fell apart when her only child died".
die feel indifferent towards; "She died to worldly things and eventually entered a monastery".
enthuse cause to feel enthusiasm.
disarm make less hostile; win over; "Her charm disarmed the prosecution lawyer completely".
disgruntle put into a bad mood or into bad humour; "The employees were disgruntled by their bad working conditions".
puzzle be uncertain about; think about without fully understanding or being able to decide; "We puzzled over her sudden departure".
prolapse slip or fall out of place, as of body parts; "prolapsed rectum".
mire grind_to_a_halt get_stuck bog_down be unable to move further; "The car bogged down in the sand".
mire bog_down cause to get stuck as if in a mire; "The mud mired our cart".
junketeer junket go on a pleasure trip.
cruise travel at a moderate speed; "Please keep your seat belt fastened while the plane is reaching cruising altitude".
shove_off shove_along blow6 leave; informal or rude; "shove off!"; "The children shoved along"; "Blow now!".
hot-wire start (a car engine) without a key by bypassing the ignition interlock; "The woman who lost the car keys had to hot-wire her van".
bring_up cause to come to a sudden stop; "The noise brought her up in shock".
check4 abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
jolt jar move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
shake_up jar bump_around shock physically; "Georgia was shaken up in the Tech game".
push press against forcefully without moving; "she pushed against the wall with all her strength".
thrust_out push_out obtrude push to thrust outward.
push_away push_aside push out of the way.
uplift lift up or elevate.
elbow push one's way with the elbows.
turn_around swing_around swing_about turn abruptly and face the other way, either physically or metaphorically; "He turned around to face his opponent"; "My conscience told me to turn around before I made a mistake".
thrash beat so fast that (the heart's) output starts dropping until (it) does not manage to pump out blood at all.
wander vagabond tramp swan stray rove roll2 roam range ramble drift cast move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment; "The gypsies roamed the woods"; "roving vagabonds"; "the wandering Jew"; "The cattle roam across the prairie"; "the laborers drift from one town to the next"; "They rolled from town to town".
roil moil churn boil be agitated; "the sea was churning in the storm".
snake move smoothly and sinuously, like a snake.
twitch jerk move with abrupt, seemingly uncontrolled motions; "The patient's legs were jerkings".
thrust push forcefully; "He thrust his chin forward".
drift move in an unhurried fashion; "The unknown young man drifted among the invited guests".
turn_away move so as not face somebody or something.
turn_over tump_over tip_over overturn turn from an upright or normal position; "The big vase overturned"; "The canoe tumped over".
ambulate walk about; not be bedridden or incapable of walking.
jostle make one's way by jostling, pushing, or shoving; "We had to jostle our way to the front of the platform".
limp hobble hitch gimp walk impeded by some physical limitation or injury; "The old woman hobbles down to the store every day".
scuff drag walk without lifting the feet.
mosey amble walk leisurely.
totter move without being stable, as if threatening to fall; "The drunk man tottered over to our table".
promenade take a leisurely walk; "The ladies promenaded along the beach".
hike walk a long way, as for pleasure or physical exercise; "We were hiking in Colorado"; "hike the Rockies".
buzz fly low; "Planes buzzed the crowds in the square".
swag stagger reel lurch keel careen walk as if unable to control one's movements; "The drunken man staggered into the room".
stagger flounder walk with great difficulty; "He staggered along in the heavy snow".
pound lumber move heavily or clumsily; "The heavy man lumbered across the room".
run4 travel rapidly, by any (unspecified) means; "Run to the store!"; "She always runs to Italy, because she has a lover there".
tread trample tread or stomp heavily or roughly; "The soldiers trampled across the fields".
treadle tread over; "the brick maker treadles over clay to pick out the stones".
slouch walk slovenly.
strike_out make a motion as with one's fist or foot towards an object or away from one's body.
schuss ski downhill.
solo fly alone, without a co-pilot or passengers.
poise be motionless, in suspension; "The bird poised for a few moments before it attacked".
beat sail with much tacking or with difficulty; "The boat beat in the strong wind".
paddle propel with a paddle; "paddle your own canoe".
tool_around tool joyride ride in a car with no particular goal and just for the pleasure of it; "We tooled down the street".
override ride (a horse) too hard.
gallop extend2 cause to move at full gallop; "Did you gallop the horse just now?".
set0 go_under go_down disappear beyond the horizon; "the sun sets early these days".
depress lower (prices or markets); "The glut of oil depressed gas prices".
raise lift get_up elevate bring_up raise from a lower to a higher position; "Raise your hands"; "Lift a load".
rear_back start with anger or resentment or in protest.
prick_up prick cock_up raise; "The dog pricked up his ears".
withdraw retreat retire recede pull_back pull_away move_back draw_back pull back or move away or backward; "The enemy withdrew"; "The limo pulled away from the curb".
retrograde move in a direction contrary to the usual one; "retrograding planets".
limp proceed slowly or with difficulty; "the boat limped into the harbor".
thrust_ahead push_forward barge push one's way; "she barged into the meeting room".
mislead misguide misdirect lead_astray lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions; "The pedestrian misdirected the out-of-town driver".
shadow follow, usually without the person's knowledge; "The police are shadowing her".
clear_the_air dispel differences or negative emotions; "The group called a meeting to finally clear the air".
bottom_out reach the low point; "Prices bottomed out and started to rise again after a while".
walk_out leave abruptly, often in protest or anger; "The customer that was not served walked out".
sally_out sally_forth set out in a sudden, energetic or violent manner.
irrupt intrude enter uninvited; "They intruded on our dinner party"; "She irrupted into our sitting room".
bother intrude or enter uninvited; "Don't bother the professor while she is grading term papers".
gate-crash crash barge_in enter uninvited; informal; "let's crash the party!".
obtrude_upon invade intrude_on encroach_upon to intrude upon, infringe, encroach on, violate; "This new colleague invades my territory"; "The neighbors intrude on your privacy".
body_guard accompany and protect from physical harm.
dip lower briefly; "She dipped her knee".
billow move with great difficulty; "The soldiers billowed across the muddy riverbed".
pass_off cause to be circulated and accepted in a false character or identity; "She passed the glass off as diamonds"; "He passed himself off as a secret agent".
crock release color when rubbed, of badly dyed fabric.
wince squinch shrink recoil quail funk flinch cringe draw back, as with fear or pain; "she flinched when they showed the slaughtering of the calf".
double_up double_over double bend over or curl up, usually with laughter or pain; "He doubled and vomited violently".
straggle sidetrack digress depart wander from a direct or straight course.
levant run off without paying a debt.
run6 cause an animal to move fast; "run the dogs".
tumble topple tip cause to topple or tumble by pushing.
drag move slowly and as if with great effort.
run1 move about freely and without restraint, or act as if running around in an uncontrolled way; "who are these people running around in the building?"; "She runs around telling everyone of her troubles"; "let the dogs run free".
strike6 hit2 drive something violently into a location; "he hit his fist on the table"; "she struck her head on the low ceiling".
sense feel perceive by a physical sensation, e.g., coming from the skin or muscles; "He felt the wind"; "She felt an object brushing her arm"; "He felt his flesh crawl"; "She felt the heat when she got out of the car".
strike5 hit come_to cause to experience suddenly; "Panic struck me"; "An interesting idea hit her"; "A thought came to me"; "The thought struck terror in our minds"; "They were struck with fear".
get4 catch2 suffer from the receipt of; "She will catch hell for this behavior!".
die suffer or face the pain of death; "Martyrs may die every day for their faith".
vitriol expose to the effects of vitriol or injure with vitriol.
air_out air aerate expose to fresh air; "aerate your old sneakers".
overexpose expose excessively; "As a child, I was overexposed to French movies".
solarize solarise overexpose to sunlight; "be careful not to solarize the photographic film".
desensitize desensitise cause not to be sensitive; "The war desensitized many soldiers"; "The photographic plate was desensitized".
numb dull blunt benumb make numb or insensitive; "The shock numbed her senses".
stun daze bedaze overcome as with astonishment or disbelief; "The news stunned her".
stir stimulate excite stir feelings in; "stimulate my appetite"; "excite the audience"; "stir emotions".
hallucinate perceive what is not there; have illusions.
dream experience while sleeping; "She claims to never dream"; "He dreamt a strange scene".
pass_up fail to acknowledge; "he passed me up in the street".
sting burn bite cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort; "The sun burned his face".
urticate nettle sting with or as with nettles and cause a stinging pain or sensation.
burn0 feel hot or painful; "My eyes are burning".
suffer hurt ache feel physical pain; "Were you hurting after the accident?".
twinge feel a sudden sharp, local pain.
hunger feel the need to eat.
thirst feel the need to drink.
smart hurt ache be the source of pain.
throb pulsate or pound with abnormal force; "my head is throbbing"; "Her heart was throbbing".
twang twitch or throb with pain.
tingle prickle cause a stinging or tingling sensation.
shoot1 cause a sharp and sudden pain in; "The pain shot up her leg".
prickle prick cause a prickling sensation.
twinge sting prick cause a stinging pain; "The needle pricked his skin".
stink reek smell badly and offensively; "The building reeks of smoke".
smell smell bad; "He rarely washes, and he smells".
scent odourise odorize cause to smell or be smelly.
stink_up stink_out smell_up cause to smell bad; fill with a bad smell.
snuffle snuff sniff or smell inquiringly.
miss lose0 fail to perceive or to catch with the senses or the mind; "I missed that remark"; "She missed his point"; "We lost part of what he said".
lay_eyes_on behold see with attention; "behold Christ!".
take_a_look have_a_look get_a_load look at with attention; "Have a look at this!"; "Get a load of this pretty woman!".
stare_down outstare outface overcome or cause to waver or submit by (or as if by) staring; "He simply stared down his opponent".
pass_off be accepted as something or somebody in a false character or identity; "She passed off as a Russian agent".
dissonate be dissonant or harsh; "The violins in this piece dissonated disturbingly".
flex exhibit the strength of; "The victorious army flexes its invincibility".
ramp be rampant; "the lion is rampant in this heraldic depiction".
stamp reveal clearly as having a certain character; "His playing stamps him as a Romantic".
hide conceal prevent from being seen or discovered; "Muslim women hide their faces"; "hide the money".
hunker_down take shelter; "During the sandstorm, they hunkered down in a small hut".
lie_low keep a low profile, try to be inconspicuous.
mask dissemble cloak hide under a false appearance; "He masked his disappointment".
whitewash sleek_over hush_up gloss_over cover up a misdemeanor, fault, or error; "Let's not whitewash the crimes of Stalin"; "She tried to gloss over her mistakes".
condemn demonstrate the guilt of (someone); "Her strange behavior condemned her".
vanish go_away disappear become invisible or unnoticeable; "The effect vanished when day broke".
clear go away or disappear; "The fog cleared in the afternoon".
obscure obnubilate mist haze_over fog cloud befog becloud make less visible or unclear; "The stars are obscured by the clouds"; "the big elm tree obscures our view of the valley".
mask disguise make unrecognizable; "The herb masks the garlic taste"; "We disguised our faces before robbing the bank".
disorientate disorient cause to be lost or disoriented.
beat_down shine hard; "The sun beat down on the hikers".
dip dim switch (a car's headlights) from a higher to a lower beam.
spangle glitter as if covered with spangles.
ogle look at with amorous intentions.
leer look suggestively or obliquely; look or gaze with a sly, immodest, or malign expression; "The men leered at the young women on the beach".
overlook look past, fail to notice.
blind make blind by putting the eyes out; "The criminals were punished and blinded".
blind render unable to see.
listen_in listen quietly, without contributing to the conversation.
racket make loud and annoying noises.
drown_out make imperceptible; "The noise from the ice machine drowned out the music".
crash make a sudden loud sound; "the waves crashed on the shore and kept us awake all night".
take_in1 overhear catch4 hear, usually without the knowledge of the speakers; "We overheard the conversation at the next table".
listen_in eavesdrop listen without the speaker's knowledge; "the jealous man was eavesdropping on his wife's conversations".
quieten quiet_down quiet quiesce pipe_down hush become quiet or quieter; "The audience fell silent when the speaker entered".
season flavour flavor lend flavor to; "Season the chicken breast after roasting it".
savour savor give taste to.
taste savour savor have flavor; taste of something.
revolt repel gross_out disgust fill with distaste; "This spoilt food disgusts me".
sour acidulate acidify acetify make sour or more sour.
change_taste alter the flavor of.
kill be the source of great pain for; "These new shoes are killing me!".
kite get credit or money by using a bad check; "The businessman kited millions of dollars".
kite increase the amount (of a check) fraudulently; "He kited many checks".
find0 obtain through effort or management; "She found the time and energy to take care of her aging parents"; "We found the money to send our sons to college".
refuse deny refuse to let have; "She denies me every pleasure"; "he denies her her weekly allowance".
bankroll provide with sufficient funds; finance; "Who will bankroll the restoration of the former East German economy?".
weed_out comb_out remove unwanted elements; "The company weeded out the incompetent people"; "The new law weeds out the old inequities".
give_up abandon give up with the intent of never claiming again; "Abandon your life to God"; "She gave up her children to her ex-husband when she moved to Tahiti"; "We gave the drowning victim up for dead".
abandon forsake, leave behind; "We abandoned the old car in the empty parking lot".
strand maroon leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue; "the travellers were marooned".
extract get despite difficulties or obstacles; "I extracted a promise from the Dean for two new positions".
squeeze_out eke_out obtain with difficulty; "He eked out some information from the archives".
squeeze_out eke_out make by laborious and precarious means; "He eked out a living as a painter".
sell_short sell securities or commodities or foreign currency that is not actually owned by the seller, who hopes to cover (buy back) the sold items at a lower price and thus to earn a profit.
palm_off foist_off fob_off sell as genuine, sell with the intention to deceive.
misdeal deal cards wrongly.
substitute sub stand_in fill_in be a substitute; "The young teacher had to substitute for the sick colleague"; "The skim milk substitutes for cream--we are on a strict diet".
bless confer prosperity or happiness on.
underspend spend at less than the normal rate.
misspend spend (money or other resources) unwisely.
speculate job invest at a risk; "I bought this house not because I want to live in it but to sell it later at a good price, so I am speculating".
usurp take_over seize assume arrogate seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession; "He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town"; "he usurped my rights"; "She seized control of the throne after her husband died".
swipe sneak snarf purloin pinch pilfer nobble lift hook filch cabbage abstract make off with belongings of others.
shoplift steal in a store.
mug rob at gunpoint or with the threat of violence; "I was mugged in the streets of New York last night".
plagiarize plagiarise lift4 take without referencing from someone else's writing or speech; of intellectual property.
crib take unauthorized (intellectual material).
preserve maintain keep_up conserve keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction; "We preserve these archeological findings"; "The old lady could not keep up the building"; "children must be taught to conserve our national heritage"; "The museum curator conserved the ancient manuscripts".
tank store in a tank by causing (something) to flow into it.
lose miss from one's possessions; lose sight of; "I've lost my glasses again!".
lose fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense; "She lost her purse when she left it unattended on her seat".
sleep_off get rid of by sleeping; "sleep off a hangover".
lose fail to get or obtain; "I lost the opportunity to spend a year abroad".
cozen cheat or trick; "He cozened the money out of the old man".
turn_a_loss lose fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit; "I lost thousands of dollars on that bad investment!"; "The company turned a loss after the first year".
fiddle commit fraud and steal from one's employer; "We found out that she had been fiddling for years".
underbid bid too low.
underbid bid lower than a competing bidder.
outbid bid over an opponent's bid when one's partner has not bid or doubled.
face_the_music carry-the_can accept the unpleasant consequences of one's actions.
waive throw_overboard give_up forgo forfeit forego lose (s.th.) or lose the right to (s.th.) by some error, offense, or crime; "you've forfeited your right to name your successor"; "forfeited property".
lay impose as a duty, burden, or punishment; "lay a responsibility on someone".
excise levy an excise tax on.
overtax tax excessively; "Don't overtax my constituents!".
withdraw recall call_in call_back cause to be returned; "recall the defective auto tires"; "The manufacturer tried to call back the spoilt yoghurt".
strip divest deprive take away possessions from someone; "The Nazis stripped the Jews of all their assets".
unclothe strip; "unclothe your heart of envy".
bereave deprive through death.
disown disinherit prevent deliberately (as by making a will) from inheriting.
give cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense; "She gave him a black eye"; "The draft gave me a cold".
fail become bankrupt or insolvent; fail financially and close; "The toy company went bankrupt after the competition hired cheap Mexican labor"; "A number of banks failed that year".
rob take something away by force or without the consent of the owner; "The burglars robbed him of all his money".
pick pilfer or rob; "pick pockets".
steal take without the owner's consent; "Someone stole my wallet on the train"; "This author stole entire paragraphs from my dissertation".
walk_off take without permission; "he walked off with my wife!"; "The thief walked off with my gold watch".
overstock stock excessively.
understock stock with less than the usual or desirable number or quantity.
tinsel impart a cheap brightness to; "his tinseled image of Hollywood".
canalize canalise canal provide (a city) with a canal.
supplement add as a supplement to what seems insufficient; "supplement your diet".
fill_out eke_out supplement what is thought to be deficient; "He eked out his meager pay by giving private lessons"; "Braque eked out his collages with charcoal".
sacrifice give6 endure the loss of; "He gave his life for his children"; "I gave two sons to the war".
stint skimp scrimp subsist on a meager allowance; "scratch and scrimp".
smuggle import or export without paying customs duties; "She smuggled cigarettes across the border".
clear2 clear from impurities, blemishes, pollution, etc.; "clear the water before it can be drunk".
disinfest rid of vermin; "The exterminator disinfests the house".
underprice dump sell at artificially low prices.
rig manipulate manipulate in a fraudulent manner; "rig prices".
distrain confiscate by distress.
distrain levy a distress on.
pump supply in great quantities; "Pump money into a project".
bleed get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone; "They bled me dry--I have nothing left!".
retrofit provide with parts, devices, or equipment not available or in use at the time of the original manufacture; "They car companies retrofitted all the old models with new carburetors".
decarbonate remove carbon dioxide from.
dechlorinate remove chlorine from (water).
vacate resign renounce give_up leave (a job, post, or position) voluntarily; "She vacated the position when she got pregnant"; "The chairman resigned when he was found to have misappropriated funds".
let_it_go not act; "He thought of a reply but let it go".
exert make a great effort at a mental or physical task; "exert oneself".
overexert exert (oneself) excessively and go beyond one's strength; "don't overexert yourself when exercising!".
venture embark proceed somewhere despite the risk of possible dangers; "We ventured into the world of high-tech and bought a supercomputer".
backslap display excessive cordiality (towards); "he is always backslapping his colleagues at staff meetings".
lie_dormant be inactive, as if asleep; "His work lay dormant for many years".
recoil backlash backfire come back to the originator of an action with an undesired effect; "Your comments may backfire and cause you a lot of trouble".
divest disinvest deprive of status or authority; "he was divested of his rights and his title"; "They disinvested themselves of their rights".
deputize deputise depute appoint as a substitute.
cover0 to take an action to protect against future problems; "Count the cash in the drawer twice just to cover yourself".
relegate kick_downstairs demote bump break2 assign to a lower position; reduce in rank; "She was demoted because she always speaks up"; "He was broken down to Sergeant".
reduce bring to humbler or weaker state or condition; "He reduced the population to slavery".
downsize dismiss from work; "three secretaries were downsized during the financial crisis".
squeeze_out force out; "Some employees were squeezed out by the recent budget cuts".
collaborate cooperate as a traitor; "he collaborated with the Nazis when they occupied Paris".
play_along go_along cooperate or pretend to cooperate; "He decided to play along with the burglars for the moment".
moon_on moon_around moon be idle in a listless or dreamy way.
moon daydream have dreamlike musings or fantasies while awake; "She looked out the window, daydreaming".
run1 set animals loose to graze.
pass7 allow to go without comment or censure; "the insult passed as if unnoticed".
suppress oppress crush come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority; "The government oppresses political activists".
ordain invest with ministerial or priestly authority; "The minister was ordained only last month".
prorogue adjourn by royal prerogative; without dissolving the legislative body.
misally make a bad alliance; ally inappropriately; "The two countries are misallied".
mismanage mishandle misconduct manage badly or incompetently; "The funds were mismanaged".
warm_up run until the normal working temperature is reached; "We warmed up the car for a few minutes".
derecognize derecognise decertify cause to be no longer approved or accepted; "Carter derecognized Taiwan in 1979 after the U.S. recognized the People's Republic of China".
boondoggle do useless, wasteful, or trivial work.
stand_watch stand_sentinel stand_guard keep_guard watch over so as to protect; "We must stand sentinel to protect ourselves"; "The jewels over which they kept guard were stolen".
disrespect show a lack of respect for.
write_in cast a vote by inserting a name that does not appear on the ballot; "Many voters wrote in the names of strangers".
poll vote in an election at a polling station.
skulk malinger avoid responsibilities and duties, e.g., by pretending to be ill.
spare save refrain from harming.
favour favor treat gently or carefully.
ostracize ostracise avoid speaking to or dealing with; "Ever since I spoke up, my colleagues ostracize me".
filibuster obstruct deliberately by delaying.
veto negative blackball vote against; refuse to endorse; refuse to assent; "The President vetoed the bill".
invest indue gift endue endow empower give qualities or abilities to.
cover6 invest with a large or excessive amount of something; "She covered herself with glory".
void quash nullify invalidate avoid annul declare invalid; "The contract was annulled"; "void a plea".
slay remove polish_off off murder hit1 dispatch bump_off kill intentionally and with premeditation; "The mafia boss ordered his enemies murdered".
burke murder without leaving a trace on the body.
pillory gibbet expose to ridicule or public scorn.
lynch kill without legal sanction; "The blood-thirsty mob lynched the alleged killer of the child".
stick_together stay_together be loyal to one another, especially in times of trouble; "The two families stuck together throughout the war".
mismarry marry an unsuitable partner.
remarry marry, not for the first time; "After her divorce, she remarried her high school sweetheart".
raid bust search without warning, make a sudden surprise attack on; "The police raided the crack house".
trap pin_down place in a confining or embarrassing position; "He was trapped in a difficult situation".
ticket fine issue a ticket or a fine to as a penalty; "I was fined for parking on the wrong side of the street"; "Move your car or else you will be ticketed!".
castigate inflict severe punishment on.
catch_it receive punishment; be scolded or reprimanded; "I really caught it the other day!".
victimize victimise punish unjustly.
scourge punish severely; excoriate.
suspend debar bar temporarily; from school, office, etc..
terrorize terrorise coerce by violence or with threats.
trouble_oneself trouble inconvenience_oneself bother take the trouble to do something; concern oneself; "He did not trouble to call his mother on her birthday"; "Don't bother, please".
trouble put_out inconvenience incommode disoblige discommode bother to cause inconvenience or discomfort to; "Sorry to trouble you, but...".
shame compel through a sense of shame; "She shamed him into making amends".
skimp scant limit in quality or quantity.
zone district regulate housing in; of certain areas of towns.
disfavour disfavor disadvantage put at a disadvantage; hinder, harm; "This rule clearly disadvantages me".
prejudice disadvantage by prejudice.
wrong treat unjustly; do wrong to.
criminalize treat as a criminal.
nurse treat carefully; "He nursed his injured back by lying in bed several hours every afternoon"; "He nursed the flowers in his garden and fertilized them regularly".
strong-arm handle roughly; "He was strong-armed by the policemen".
run_roughshod ride_roughshod treat inconsiderately or harshly.
step mistreat maltreat ill-use ill-treat abuse treat badly; "This boss abuses his workers"; "She is always stepping on others to get ahead".
kick_around treat badly; abuse; "They won't have me to kick around any more!".
sandbag treat harshly or unfairly.
misdemean misconduct misbehave behave badly; "The children misbehaved all morning".
carry_on act_up misbehave badly; act in a silly or improper way; "The children acted up when they were not bored".
stoop lower_oneself condescend debase oneself morally, act in an undignified, unworthy, or dishonorable way; "I won't stoop to reading other people's mail".
attitudinize attitudinise assume certain affected attitudes.
right redress correct compensate make reparations or amends for; "right a wrongs done to the victims of the Holocaust".
expiate atone abye aby make amends for; "expiate one's sins".
fail fall short in what is expected; "She failed in her obligations as a good daughter-in-law"; "We must not fail his obligation to the victims of the Holocaust".
flush_it flunk fail bomb fail to get a passing grade; "She studied hard but failed nevertheless"; "Did I fail the test?".
fail judge unacceptable; "The teacher failed six students".
begin achieve or accomplish in the least degree, usually used in the negative; "This economic measure doesn't even begin to deal with the problem of inflation"; "You cannot even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war".
compass bring about; accomplish; "This writer attempts more than his talents can compass".
spoil screw_up muff muck_up mishandle mess_up louse_up fumble fuck_up foul_up fluff flub bungle bumble botch_up botch bollocks_up bollocks bollix_up bollix bodge bobble blow ball_up make a mess of, destroy or ruin; "I botched the dinner and we had to eat out"; "the pianist screwed up the difficult passage in the second movement".
miscarry go_wrong fail be unsuccessful; "Where do today's public schools fail?"; "The attempt to rescue the hostages failed miserably".
strike_out be unsuccessful in an endeavor; "The candidate struck out with his health care plan".
fall suffer defeat, failure, or ruin; "We must stand or fall"; "fall by the wayside".
neglect fail fail to do something; leave something undone; "She failed to notice that her child was no longer in his crib"; "The secretary failed to call the customer and the company lost the account".
founder flop fall_through fall_flat fail utterly; collapse; "The project foundered".
take_pains be_at_pains try very hard to do something.
strive endeavour endeavor attempt by employing effort; "we endeavor to make our customers happy".
waive relinquish forgo foreswear forego dispense_with do without or cease to hold or adhere to; "We are dispensing with formalities"; "relinquish the old ideas".
pull_wires pull_strings manipulate influence or control shrewdly or deviously; "He manipulated public opinion in his favor".
sell betray deliver to an enemy by treachery; "Judas sold Jesus"; "The spy betrayed his country".
double_cross betray by double-dealing.
service serve be used by; as of a utility; "The sewage plant served the neighboring communities"; "The garage served to shelter his horses".
toe_the_line do what is expected.
disobey refuse to go along with; refuse to follow; be disobedient; "He disobeyed his supervisor and was fired".
override counteract the normal operation of (an automatic gear shift in a vehicle).
go_for_broke risk everything in one big effort; "the cyclist went for broke at the end of the race".
venture stake jeopardize hazard adventure put at risk; "I will stake my good reputation for this".
risk put_on_the_line lay_on_the_line expose to a chance of loss or damage; "We risked losing a lot of money in this venture"; "Why risk your life?"; "She laid her job on the line when she told the boss that he was wrong".
shame dishonour dishonor disgrace attaint bring shame or dishonor upon; "he dishonored his family by committing a serious crime".
minister attend to the wants and needs of others; "I have to minister to my mother all the time".
nurse serve as a nurse; care for sick or handicapped people.
save redeem deliver save from sins.
dash destroy or break; "dashed ambitions and hopes".
undo cause the ruin or downfall of; "A single mistake undid the President and he had to resign".
break9 cause the failure or ruin of; "His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage"; "This play will either make or break the playwright".
shipwreck ruin utterly; "You have shipwrecked my career".
implement enforce apply ensure observance of laws and rules; "Apply the rules to everyone";.
carry extend to a certain degree; "carry too far"; "She carries her ideas to the extreme".
turn7 accomplish by rotating; "turn a somersault"; "turn cartwheels".
underperform underachieve perform less well or with less success than expected; "John consistently underachieves, although he is very able"; "My stocks underperformed last year".
execute carry out the legalities of; "execute a will or a deed".
relieve free exempt grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to; "She exempted me from the exam".
trespass transgress sin commit a sin; violate a law of God or a moral law.
sin goof drop_the_ball boob blunder commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake; "I blundered during the job interview".
run_afoul infringe contravene conflict go against, as of rules and laws; "He ran afoul of the law"; "This behavior conflicts with our rules".
gang-rape rape (someone) successively with several attackers; "The prisoner was gang-raped".
violate profane outrage desecrate violate the sacred character of a place or language; "desecrate a cemetery"; "violate the sanctity of the church"; "profane the name of God".
oversimplify simplify to an excessive degree; "Don't oversimplify the problem".
spoil pamper mollycoddle indulge featherbed cosset coddle cocker baby treat with excessive indulgence; "grandparents often pamper the children"; "Let's not mollycoddle our students!".
crack gain unauthorized access computers with malicious intentions; "she cracked my password"; "crack a safe".
victimize swindle short-change scam rook nobble mulct hornswoggle gyp goldbrick gip diddle defraud con bunco deprive of by deceit; "He swindled me out of my inheritance"; "She defrauded the customers who trusted her"; "the cashier gypped me when he gave me too little change".
short-change short cheat someone by not returning him enough money.
shark play the shark; act with trickery.
chisel cheat engage in deceitful behavior; practice trickery or fraud; "Who's chiseling on the side?".
cozen act with artful deceit.
lead_on delude deceive cozen be false to; be dishonest with.
trick pull_a_fast_one_on play_tricks play_a_trick_on play_a_joke_on fox fob flim-flam deceive somebody; "We tricked the teacher into thinking that class would be cancelled next week".
wander cuckold cheat_on cheat betray be sexually unfaithful to one's partner in marriage; "She cheats on her husband"; "Might her husband be wandering?".
wangle misrepresent manipulate fudge falsify fake cook tamper, with the purpose of deception; "Fudge the figures"; "cook the books"; "falsify the data".
decoy lure or entrap with or as if with a decoy.
bait lure, entice, or entrap with bait.
vitiate subvert profane pervert misdirect deprave demoralize demoralise debauch debase corrupt corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality; "debauch the young people with wine and women"; "Socrates was accused of corrupting young men"; "Do school counselors subvert young children?"; "corrupt the morals".
whore work as a prostitute.
poison spoil as if by poison; "poison someone's mind"; "poison the atmosphere in the office".
suborn incite to commit a crime or an evil deed; "He suborned his butler to cover up the murder of his wife".
prosecute bring a criminal action against (in a trial); "The State of California prosecuted O.J. Simpson".
resist jib baulk balk refuse to comply.
desert defect desert (a cause, a country or an army), often in order to join the opposing cause, country, or army; "If soldiers deserted Hitler's army, they were shot".
rumpus cause a disturbance.
haze harass by imposing humiliating or painful tasks, as in military institutions.
misgovern govern badly.
fend try to manage without help; "The youngsters had to fend for themselves after their parents died".
squeeze_by squeak_by scratch_along scrape_by scrape_along rub_along manage one's existence barely; "I guess I can squeeze by on this lousy salary".
interlope encroach on the rights of others, as in trading without a proper license.
humbug trick or deceive.
happen chance to be or do something, without intention or causation; "I happen to have just what you need!".
meet match cope_with satisfy or fulfill; "meet a need"; "this job doesn't match my dreams".
rest1 be inactive, refrain from acting; "The committee is resting over the summer".
blindside catch unawares, especially with harmful consequences; "The economic downturn blindsided many investors".
swell puff_up become filled with pride, arrogance, or anger; "The mother was swelling with importance when she spoke of her son".
play_around fool_around commit adultery; "he plays around a lot".
fail be unable; "I fail to understand your motives".
relax loosen become less severe or strict; "The rules relaxed after the new director arrived".
go_off_half-cocked go_off_at_half-cock act prematurely or without reflection or too soon; "she wanted to quit her job but her mother told her not to go off half-cocked".
straiten distress bring into difficulties or distress, especially financial hardship.
cut_across be contrary to ordinary procedure or limitations; "Opinions on bombing the Serbs cut across party lines".
start2 begin have a beginning characterized in some specified way; "The novel begins with a murder"; "My property begins with the three maple trees"; "Her day begins with a workout"; "The semester begins with a convocation ceremony".
work_out happen in a certain way, leading to, producing, or resulting in a certain outcome, often well; "Things worked out in an interesting way"; "Not everything worked out in the end and we were disappointed".
vegetate lead a passive existence without using one's body or mind.
pig_it pig live like a pig, in squalor.
yield succumb be fatally overwhelmed.
well_up swell come up (as of feelings and thoughts, or other ephemeral things); "Strong emotions welled up"; "Smoke swelled from it".
aggregate amount in the aggregate to.
cost require to lose, suffer, or sacrifice; "This mistake cost him his job".
cry_out_for cry_for need badly or desperately; "This question cries out for an answer".
unite combine have or possess in combination; "she unites charm with a good business sense".
want be without, lack; be deficient in; "want courtesy"; "want the strength to go on living"; "flood victims wanting food and shelter".
miss be absent; "The child had been missing for a week".
exclude lack or fail to include; "The cost for the trip excludes food and beverages".
inculpate incriminate imply suggest that someone is guilty.
waste_one's_time lounge_around lounge_about loll_around loll loaf fuck_off frig_around bum_around bum_about bum arse_around arse_about be lazy or idle; "Her son is just bumming around all day".
waver waffle hesitate pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness; "Authorities hesitate to quote exact figures".
wait hold_off hold_back wait before acting; "the scientists held off announcing their results until they repeated the experiment".
procrastinate postpone or delay needlessly; "He procrastinated the matter until it was almost too late".
call1 stop or postpone because of adverse conditions, such as bad weather; "call a football game".
suspend render temporarily ineffective; "the prison sentence was suspended".
average_out average amount to or come to an average, without loss or gain; "The number of hours I work per work averages out to 40".
overbear overcome; "overbear criticism, protest, or arguments".
stick endure; "The label stuck to her for the rest of her life".
infest live on or in a host, as of parasites.
crash occupy, usually uninvited; "My son's friends crashed our house last weekend".
align be or come into adjustment with.
parallel be parallel to; "Their roles are paralleled by ours".
vary diverge deviate depart be at variance with; be out of line with.
aberrate diverge from the expected; "The President aberrated from being a perfect gentleman".
rest_on repose_on build_upon build_on be based on; of theories and claims, for example; "What's this new evidence based on?".
look_like bear a physical resemblance to; "She looks like her mother".
take_after be similar to a relative; "She takes after her father!".
go_out go out of fashion; become unfashionable.
jar collide clash be incompatible; be or come into conflict; "These colors clash".
violate go_against break3 fail to agree with; be in violation of; as of rules or patterns; "This sentence violates the rules of syntax".
suffice serve2 do answer be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity; "A few words would answer"; "This car suits my purpose well"; "Will $100 do?"; "A 'B' grade doesn't suffice to get me into medical school"; "Nothing else will serve".
fall_short_of fail to satisfy, as of expectations, for example.
surpass stand_out excel distinguish oneself; "She excelled in math".
stink be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance; "This term paper stinks!".
suck be inadequate or objectionable; "this sucks!".
ape imitate uncritically and in every aspect; "Her little brother apes her behavior".
mire entangle entrap; "Our people should not be mired in the past".
stud dot constellate scatter or intersperse like dots or studs; "Hills constellated with lights".
nestle lie in a sheltered position; "The little cottage nestles in the forest".
sit_around sit be around, often idly or without specific purpose; "The object sat in the corner"; "We sat around chatting for another hour".
pinnacle surmount with a pinnacle; "pinnacle a pediment".
threaten peril menace jeopardize jeopardise imperil endanger pose a threat to; present a danger to; "The pollution is endangering the crops".
stand be tall; have a height of; copula; "She stands 6 feet tall".
truckle yield to out of weakness.
border_on approach come near or verge on, resemble, come nearer in quality, or character; "This borders on discrimination!"; "His playing approaches that of Horowitz".
measure have certain dimensions; "This table surfaces measures 20inches by 36 inches".
wear hold_out endure last and be usable; "This dress wore well for almost ten years".
withstand hold_up hold4 defy resist or confront with resistance; "The politician defied public opinion"; "The new material withstands even the greatest wear and tear"; "The bridge held".
weather endure brave_out brave face and withstand with courage; "She braved the elements".
beggar be beyond the resources of; "This beggars description!".
misspend spend time badly or unwisely; "He misspent his youth".
breast meet at breast level; "The runner breasted the tape".
thrust force (molten rock) into pre-existing rock.
abound be abundant or plentiful; exist in large quantities.
teem_in pullulate_with abound_in exist in large quantity.
sulk pout brood be in a huff and display one's displeasure; "She is pouting because she didn't get what she wanted".
run6 be affected by; be subjected to; "run a temperature"; "run a risk".
come_up be mentioned; "These names came up in the discussion".
rage be violent; as of fires and storms.
escape elude be incomprehensible to; escape understanding by; "What you are seeing in him eludes me".
come_in_handy be useful for a certain purpose.
refrain forbear resist doing something; "He refrained from hitting him back"; "she could not forbear weeping".
hold_back forbear refrain from doing; "she forbore a snicker".
help_oneself help abstain from doing; always used with a negative; "I can't help myself--I have to smoke"; "She could not help watching the sad spectacle".
stand_by not act or do anything; "He just stood by when the police beat up the demonstrators".
run_into encounter be beset by; "The project ran into numerous financial difficulties".
diverge have no limits as a mathematical series.
preserve keep5 maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger; "May God keep you".
hang be menacing, burdensome, or oppressive; "This worry hangs on my mind"; "The cloud of suspicion hangs over her".
let_go be relaxed; "Don't be so worried all the time--just let go!".
go_around be sufficient; "There's not enough to go around".
fry be excessively hot; "If the children stay out on the beach for another hour, they'll be fried".
waver falter be unsure or weak; "Their enthusiasm is faltering".
have0 be confronted with; "What do we have here?"; "Now we have a fine mess".
flow be abundantly present; "The champagne flowed at the wedding".
loom hover bulk_large brood hang over, as of something threatening, dark, or menacing; "The terrible vision brooded over her all day long".
kill be fatal; "cigarettes kill"; "drunken driving kills".
ornament be an ornament to; "stars ornamented the Christmas tree".
smother form an impenetrable cover over; "the butter cream smothered the cake".
osculate have at least three points in common with; "one curve osculates the other"; "these two surfaces osculate".
object be averse to or express disapproval of; "My wife objects to modern furniture".
rain_down rain precipitate as rain; "If it rains much more, we can expect some flooding".
mizzle drizzle rain lightly; "When it drizzles in summer, hiking can be pleasant".
shower_down shower rain abundantly; "Meteors showered down over half of Australia".
stream rain_cats_and_dogs rain_buckets pour pelt rain heavily; "Put on your rain coat-- it's pouring outside!".
freeze be very cold, below the freezing point; "It is freezing in Kalamazoo".
flicker flick shine unsteadily; "The candle flickered".
gutter burn unsteadily, feebly, or low; flicker; "The cooling lava continued to gutter toward lower ground".
blow be blowing or storming; "The wind blew from the West".
storm blow hard; "It was storming all night".
squall blow in a squall; "When it squalls, a prudent sailor reefs his sails".
storm rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning; "If it storms, we'll need shelter".
bluster blow hard; be gusty, as of wind; "A southeaster blustered onshore"; "The flames blustered".
overcloud cloud_up cloud_over become covered with clouds; "The sky clouded over".
plague blight cause to suffer a blight; "Too much rain may blight the garden with mold".
fog_up get foggy; "The windshield fogged up".
haze become hazy, dull, or cloudy.
